Recently, there has been an increased interest in cross-data research problems, such as predicting air quality using life logging images, predicting congestion using weather and tweets data, and predicting sleep quality using daily exercises and meals. Although several research focusing on multimodal data analytics have been performed, few studies have been conducted on cross-data research (e.g., cross-modal data, cross-domain, cross-platform). The article collection "Intelligent Cross-Data Analysis and Retrieval"aims to encourage research in intelligent cross-data analytics and retrieval and contribute to the creation of a sustainable society. Researchers from diverse domains such as well-being, disaster prevention and mitigation, mobility, climate, tourism and healthcare are welcome to contribute to this Research Topic.  © 2023 Owner/Author. Urban planning has shifted from “land-oriented” to “human-oriented” and metropolitan cities start to focus on 15-min life circle community planning during recent years. As multiple dimensions of living service facilities are included, proactive supervision and real-time evaluation are essential in the governance and spatial planning of large cities, referring to urban physical examination. This study proposes a community life circle diagnosis system based on multisource urban big data to evaluate the community public service facilities, in which the performance of urban living service, in terms of fairness, accessibility, and diversity were assessed, and the services related to the health and emergency facilities apart from the daily living service were investigated. Four representative Chinese megacities Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Wuhan, were selected for the implementation and empirical analyses of the diagnosis system, which were further compared regarding the existing community life circle facility service. Then, situations in Shanghai in 2011, 2016, and 2021 were longitudinally compared to verify the influencing factors toward community life circle facilities. The results indicated that Shanghai has the highest quality of service of 15-min community life circle among the four Chinese cities, followed by Shenzhen, Wuhan, and Beijing, according to the average coverage rate of citywide living service facilities. However, the municipal government in Shanghai still needs to improve the investment in public resources in the suburbs, focusing on facilities related to elderly care, life security, and community travel. Findings of this study may assist metropolitan development with policy and funding priorities, by using urban big data together with traditional empirical data (e.g. social-economic data, built environment, etc.) to diagnose sustainable community development problems. © 2023, The Author(s). The ability to quantify nature's value for tourism has significant implications for natural resource management and sustainable development policy. This is especially true in the Eastern Caribbean, where many countries are embracing the concept of the Blue Economy. The utilization of user-generated content (UGC) to understand tourist activities and preferences, including the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning approaches, remains at the early stages of development and application. This work describes a new effort which has modelled and mapped multiple nature dependent sectors of the tourism industry across five small island nations. It makes broad use of UGC, while acknowledging the challenges and strengthening the approach with substantive input, correction, and modification from local experts. Our approach to measuring the nature-dependency of tourism is practical and scalable, producing data, maps and statistics of sufficient detail and veracity to support sustainable resource management, marine spatial planning, and the wider promotion of the Blue Economy framework. © 2023 This research paper focused on tourists’ experiences after engaging in a rural tourism experience, the activities developed during that period, and the relevant factors they considered when planning the holidays. We collected data in the Azores, a region known to implement rural tourism. Therefore, the collected data were analyzed using mainly summary statistics, graphical representations, and exploratory data analysis methods, including the nonlinear (categorical) principal component analysis (CatPCA). The CatPCA’s objective is the same as that of the principal component analysis (PCA). We found that the landscape, adventure-related activities, and local gastronomy were some of the reasons tourists choose the Azores as a destination. The rural living experience and the local population’s welcoming traits were mentioned as factors that make tourists want to return to the Azores on holidays. Moreover, rural tourism in the Azores offers a unique opportunity to connect with the region’s rich cultural heritage. The islands have a long history shaped by centuries of settlement and the blending of various cultures, resulting in a distinct Azorean identity. © 2023 by the authors. Managing sustainable rural tourism requires a strategic transformation adapted to local conditions, the complexity of rural institutions, and the dynamics of future changes. In addition, it must be inclusive. This paper presents transformation pathways toward sustainable rural tourism management in developing countries. The general objective is to develop sustainable development strategies in the context of rural tourism. The specific objectives are to develop policy pathways and the best scenarios in this context. The study was conducted in the Kedung Ombo area in Central Java, Indonesia: a representative area involving several districts and other public organizations as stakeholders. Data analysis was performed using the MULTIPOL method. The results show that an integrated development policy that considers the interests of all stakeholders, the potential of rural resources, the infrastructure, and human resources capacity would be the optimal policy. Priority programs to be implemented are infrastructure development, strengthening private investment, strengthening governance, developing amenities, and developing information and communication technology. Furthermore, the “flight of the flamingos” and “leapfrogging” scenarios can be considered to achieve future tourism growth goals and objectives. This study is an essential resource for authorities in determining rural tourism development policies in the research location and can be applied in other areas with similar characteristics. © 2023 by the authors. Search engines have been the primary tool for online information search before traveling. Timely detection and the control of peak tourist flows in scenic areas prevent safety hazards and the overconsumption of tourism resources due to excessive tourist clustering. This study focuses on the spatial-temporal interactions between the pre-trip stage and the after-arrival stage to investigate online information search behavior. Big data obtained from mobile roaming and search engines provide precise data on daytime and city scales, which enabled this paper to examine the relationship between daily tourist arrivals and their pre-trip searching from 40 cities within the Yangtze River Delta urban agglomeration. This study had several original results. First, tourists generally search for tourist information 2–8 days before arriving at destinations, while tourist volume and SVI from source cities show distance attenuation. Second, SVI is a precursor to changes in tourist volume. The precursory time rises with the increase of traffic time spatially. Third, we validated a VAR model and improved its accuracy by constructing it based on the spatial-temporal differentiation of search features. These findings would enhance the management and preservation of tourism resources and promote the sustainable development of tourism destinations. © 2023 by the authors. Augmented reality has emerged as a transformative technology, with the potential to revolutionize the tourism industry. Nonetheless, there is a scarcity of studies tracing the progression of AR and its application in tourism, from early exploration to recent advancements. This study aims to provide a comprehensive overview of the evolution, contexts, and design elements of AR in tourism over the period (2002–2022), offering insights for further progress in this domain. Employing a dual-method approach, a bibliometric analysis was conducted on 861 articles collected from the Scopus and Web of Science databases, to investigate the evolution of AR research over time and across countries, and to identify the main contexts of the utilization of AR in tourism. In the second part of our study, a systematic content analysis was conducted, focusing on a subset of 57 selected studies that specifically employed AR systems in various tourism situations. Through this analysis, the most commonly utilized AR design components, such as tracking systems, AR devices, tourism settings, and virtual content were summarized. Furthermore, we explored how these components were integrated to enhance the overall tourism experience. The findings reveal a growing trend in research production, led by Europe and Asia. Key contexts of AR applications in tourism encompass cultural heritage, mobile AR, and smart tourism, with emerging topics such as artificial intelligence (AI), big data, and COVID-19. Frequently used AR design components comprise mobile devices, marker-less tracking systems, outdoor environments, and visual overlays. Future research could involve optimizing AR experiences for users with disabilities, supporting multicultural experiences, integrating AI with big data, fostering sustainability, and remote virtual tourism. This study contributes to the ongoing discourse on the role of AR in shaping the future of tourism in the post COVID-19 era, by providing valuable insights for researchers, practitioners, and policymakers in the tourism industry. © 2023 by the authors. The intention of pro-environmental behavior (PEB) directly affects the sustainable development of protected areas, especially national parks, but few studies have done comparative research on tourist and hiker behaviors. This study explores the intention of tourists’ and hikers’ pro-environmental behavior based on theory of planned behavior (TPB) and norm activation theory (NAM). Researchers surveyed 454 tourists and 466 hikers in Wuyishan National Park a structural equation modeling data analysis method. The results demonstrate that the TPB and the NAM were accurate in describing for tourists’ and hikers’ pro-environmental behavior in national park. However, for specific influencing factors, hikers’ attitude, awareness of consequences, and assumption of responsibility were significantly different from those of the tourists. This study sheds light on how to better comprehend and advocate for PEB in national parks and proposes different management approaches to improve the PEB of tourists and hikers. Copyright: © 2023 Zhang et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited. In the context of biotechnology and its synergy with emerging technologies such as the Internet of Things (IoT), big data, and artificial intelligence, the analysis of data signals, information content, individual interests, hobbies, and preferred data-driven methods has long been a focal point in the realm of transportation. Leveraging advancements in big data processing technology and machine learning algorithms, this study delves into the vast repository of travel mode data collected by various traffic travel detectors. The convergence of biotechnology with data science presents a unique opportunity to decode the intricacies of human behavior concerning travel mode selection. By harnessing the power of big data analytics and machine learning, this research endeavors to uncover patterns and insights related to individuals' travel mode preferences. It seeks to nurture independent and innovative thinking capabilities within the transportation sector. This study represents a pioneering exploration at the intersection of biotechnology, transportation, and data science. It signifies the potential for biotechnological applications to revolutionize our understanding of travel behavior and inform more sustainable, efficient, and personalized transportation solutions. Ultimately, the amalgamation of biotechnology, big data, and machine learning stands to shape the future of transportation in profound ways, enhancing our ability to make data-driven decisions that benefit individuals and society at large. © 2023 ThinkBiotech LLC. All rights reserved. Purpose: The importance of shopping streets has long been considered a critical aspect of urban tourism. However, limited exploration focuses on the supply side, especially from the tour operator’s (TO) perspective. This paper aims to investigate TOs’ perceptions and attitudes towards packaging Tuanku Abdul Rahman Street (TARS) as an urban shopping spot in Kuala Lumpur. Design/methodology/approach: Study data is gathered through qualitative in-depth interviews among 25 TO managers in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The coding process was done manually, followed by qualitative data analysis using ATLAS.ti version 8 software. Findings: The results show that the TOs regarded TARS as a must-visit shopping spot for international tourists. They argue that TARS’s competitiveness as a shopping street depends on the supporting infrastructure and safe environment, which are currently neglected by the relevant authorities and jeopardise the sustainability of TARS as a must-visit shopping street in the future. Practical implications: This study’s findings generate value-added information on the potential of shopping tourism and TARS as must-visit shopping streets in Malaysia. On the other hand, the TOs’ concern about the lack of supporting infrastructure and unsafe environment generates varying consequences and implications for the individual TOs, tourism policymakers and government-related authorities. Originality/value: This study offers new insight for urban tourism policymakers, managers and entrepreneurs to capture the attributes of a vibrant shopping street. There is exclusive potential for local tourism operators to take greater responsibility in shopping tourism planning processes and management operations through trustworthy planning partnerships among respective tourism stakeholders related to the shopping street domain. © 2023, International Tourism Studies Association. Purpose: An extant literature review of hospitality manpower performance reveals the scarcity of green skills among young graduates of hospitality management in the Asian context. Studies signal the discrepancy between knowledge imbibed and skills acquired. The current study is a call to action to identify the barriers to green training at the academic level. Design/methodology/approach: The paper is based on a qualitative investigation by senior academics from Asian countries. Thematic analysis is the primary method deployed. Findings: Four major themes emerged from the analytical exercise. They include lack of resources, policies and regulations, an overburdened curriculum and awareness. Interestingly, the themes are in tandem with the Tourism Education Futures Institute (TEFI) value framework for nurturing sustainability practices in the hospitality industry through systematic programming of hotel management education. Practical implications: In order to meet the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 2030 (Goal 4) of ensuring lifelong strategic education to foster sustainability, the green skill–knowledge gap must be bridged at the academic level. The current paper sheds light on how the synergy between industry and academia can address this knowledge–skill gap and develop sustainable capacities in the long run. Originality/value: This study used a qualitative dataset, and the findings contribute to the sustainability literature. Further studies can be undertaken using big data in varied settings. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited. Digital learning has been amplified by the COVID-19 pandemic in the case of university students in Taiwan. This study utilized two separate cases to investigate the impact of digital capability on sustainable behaviors among students with the use of structural equation modeling (SEM). Results of case study 1 show that the impact of digital capability on sustainable behavior of students from the department of tourism and hospitality is enhanced when mediated by employability skills, innovative capabilities, and big data application. Results of case study 2 revealed that the effect of data literacy on sustainable intention of students from the department of leisure and recreation is strengthened when mediated by information sharing, marketing strategy, involvement, and cognitive benefits. Additionally, sustainable attitude was found to strengthen the relationship between employability skills and sustainable behavior. The theoretical and educational implications are discussed in the final section. © 2023 The objective of this study is to evaluate the feasibility of promoting cave tourism in Wadi Sannur Cave and to provide sustainable solutions for the development of cave tourism in the Wadi Sannur Cave Reserve. The researchers gathered data from many stakeholders in the tourism industry. They employed quantitative data analysis methods and utilised the strategic analytical tool known as "SWOT." The findings indicate that the current management and utilisation of the reserve for tourism and research objectives does not align with its significant geological worth. The suggested strategy matrix is to facilitate sustainable development of cave tourism in the Wadi Sannur Cave Reserve by providing guidance and support to decision-makers, planners, and development authorities. Its purpose is to enable effective planning that maximises the utilisation of the reserve while ensuring long-term sustainability. © 2023 Editora Mundos Sociais. All rights reserved. Urban transportation is the foundation of urban social and economic activities. Coordinated development of urban transportation and land use is of great practical significance to reduce traffic congestion, optimize the urban spatial structure, and realize sustainable urban development from the root of problems. With the development of urban society and the advancement of urbanization, as well as the low-carbon, green, and intelligent development trend of the transportation system, traditional urban transportation strategies purely focusing on supply or demand management cannot meet the needs of rapid urban development and the aspirations of the people to live a better life. Urban transportation management needs to focus on comprehensive governance of employment, housing, and transportation and dynamic equilibrium of supply and demand, to realize the coordinated and integrated development with urban spatial layout and land use. Based on the general spatial equilibrium theory, the literature on urban travel behavior analysis, travel demand management, transportation infrastructure supply, and supply-demand coupling strategies are systematically reviewed in this paper. Besides, the theoretical models, methods, and research problems in this area are also reviewed. It is found that the existing models cannot describe the dynamic process of urban development and the reality of China, and the related studies still focused on the traditional transportation management research problems. In the context of urban renewal, new territorial space planning systems, new transportation technologies and travel patterns, and big data, it is suggested that there is great potential for urban transportation management research from the perspective of general spatial equilibrium. It needs urgently a breakthrough in the corresponding theories and methods. Further research directions are proposed: the first is to analyze the influencing factors of residents' utility in the process of urban development, and put forward household utility decision-making theories and models under the integrated transportation and urban development; the second is to do activity/travel behavior analysis and management based on the data-driven and theory-driven methods; the third is to explore the impact of new technologies and modes of the transportation system on urban spatial structure and traffic characteristics, and study urban transport management issues for the era of digitization and intelligence; and the fourth is to explore theories and methods of urban space reshaping guided by transportation under urban renewal. © 2023 Science Press. All rights reserved. Globally, national parks contribute to tourism and conservation. Several iconic national parks in Africa attract millions of tourists. These include Table Mountain, Kruger, the Serengeti, Chobe, Hwange, and Gorongosa National Park. Tourism contributes substantially to global warming and climate change through carbon emissions from tourism activities. Regardless of this understanding, minimal effort has been put into understanding and documenting the national park's carbon risk. The current debate on sustainability transitions calls for a relook of various economic sector strategies to reduce their carbon footprint. This aligns with SDG 13 on climate change action and the sector's calls for carbon neutrality. To that effect, this study examines how South African National Parks (SANParks) seeks to transition to net zero in its park operations to ensure responsiveness to the climate change agenda. This study included 150 interviews with national park and hospitality professionals in 19 national parks to address the research objective. In addition, the study draws upon extensive field observation, document analysis, and 871 tourist questionnaire surveys. Data analysis from the survey was conducted using QuestionPro Analytics, while interview data were analysed through systematic content and thematic analysis. The study found that South Africa's national parks have primarily carbon-intensive tourism facilities from an energy perspective. South African national parks, however, have taken steps to respond to the four essential pillars of NetZero emissions by 2050. These pillars are outlined in the Glasgow Declaration on climate change and the revised Nationally Determined Contributions. Within SANParks estates, these pillars include planning, measuring, reporting, and advocating for accelerated climate change action. NetZero initiatives should be funded in a variety of ways, including by tourists, the private sector, and other stakeholders. © 2023 The Authors Background Key populations are disproportionately affected by the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) but have less access to HIV prevention and treatment services. The Coronavirus disease- 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic is reinforcing health inequities among vulnerable populations, including men who have sex with men (MSM). Therefore, this article presents the findings describing the experiences of MSM in accessing HIV services during COVID-19 in the second largest city of Zimbabwe. Methods An interpretative phenomenological analysis design was applied to gain some insights regarding the lived experiences of MSM in accessing HIV prevention, treatment, and care services during COVID-19 lockdowns era in Zimbabwe. Data were collected from 14 criterion purposively selected MSM using in-depth, one-on-one interviews. Data were analysed thematically guided by the interpretative phenomenological analysis framework for data analysis. Results The findings demonstrated that during the COVID -19 lockdowns in Zimbabwe, MSM faced several barriers as they tried to access HIV services. Some of the barriers included the need for travel authorisation letters and treatment interruption. The study also found that COVID- 19 and related restrictive measures had psychosocial and economic effects that encompassed loss of income, intimate partner violence and psychological effects. Conclusions Limited access to healthcare services by MSM due to COVID-19 lockdown may negatively affect the viral suppression and fuel the spread of HIV, which may reverse the gains toward the control of HIV epidemic. To sustain the gains toward HIV epidemic control and to ensure continuity of treatment, particularly for members of key populations, it is critical that the health-care delivery system adjusts by taking service to the community through adopting a differentiated service delivery approach. © 2023 Moyo et al. Accessibility is widely considered as the most crucial benefit of any transportation system. Low accessibility may cause compromise on living conditions, low economic growth, high unemployment, social seclusion, and long-term social inequalities. In developing countries of Sub-Saharan Africa, surveys fail to keep up with the pace of rapid urbanization. Additionally, numerous location-based data sets, including mobile phone location data and Google Maps travel time, enable near-real-time observations of actively changing mobility dynamics. In this study, we use these novel data sets to assess various facets of accessibility and corresponding poverty-based inequalities within the Greater Maputo region in Mozambique. A data-based approach is seldom used in the Sub-Saharan African context. Consistent poverty-based inequalities in access to opportunities by driving, transit, and walking are observed. The transit system was ascertained to be more inefficient in the poorer regions. The richer regions witnessed most decreased access to opportunities because of high congestion. People living in the poorest regions were observed to travel much longer distances to access facilities than did those living in the richest regions. These differences were particularly significant for essential services of education, healthcare, and employment. These results can help urban planners and policymakers identify disadvantaged communities and develop policies to ameliorate the conditions. This assists in measuring the progress of Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and investigating areas of concern. Moreover, this study shows the applicability of various data sets and methods in a data-deprived scenario in Africa, and motivates more scholars and practitioners to partake in this technology leapfrogging. © National Academy of Sciences. Global natural and manmade events are exposing the fragility of the tourism industry and its impact on the global economy. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, tourism contributed 10.3% to the global GDP and employed 333 million people but saw a significant decline due to the pandemic. Sustainable and smart tourism requires collaboration from all stakeholders and a comprehensive understanding of global and local issues to drive responsible and innovative growth in the sector. This paper presents an approach for leveraging big data and deep learning to discover holistic, multi-perspective (e.g., local, cultural, national, and international), and objective information on a subject. Specifically, we develop a machine learning pipeline to extract parameters from the academic literature and public opinions on Twitter, providing a unique and comprehensive view of the industry from both academic and public perspectives. The academic-view dataset was created from the Scopus database and contains 156,759 research articles from 2000 to 2022, which were modelled to identify 33 distinct parameters in 4 categories: Tourism Types, Planning, Challenges, and Media and Technologies. A Twitter dataset of 485,813 tweets was collected over 18 months from March 2021 to August 2022 to showcase the public perception of tourism in Saudi Arabia, which was modelled to reveal 13 parameters categorized into two broader sets: Tourist Attractions and Tourism Services. The paper also presents a comprehensive knowledge structure and literature review of the tourism sector based on over 250 research articles. Discovering system parameters are required to embed autonomous capabilities in systems and for decision-making and problem-solving during system design and operations. The work presented in this paper has significant theoretical and practical implications in that it improves AI-based information discovery by extending the use of scientific literature, Twitter, and other sources for autonomous, holistic, dynamic optimizations of systems, promoting novel research in the tourism sector and contributing to the development of smart and sustainable societies. © 2023 by the authors. In 2022, Ukraine is suffering an invasion which has resulted in acute impacts playing out over time and geography. This paper examines the impact of the ongoing disruption on traffic behavior using analytics as well as zonal-based network models. The methodology is a data-driven approach that utilizes obtained travel-time conditions within an evolutionary algorithm framework which infers origin–destination demand values in an automated process based on traffic assignment. Because of the automation of the implementation, numerous daily models can be approximated for multiple cities. The novelty of this paper versus the previously published core methodology includes an analysis to ensure the obtained data is appropriate, since some data sources were disabled because of the ongoing disruption. Further novelty includes a direct linkage of the analysis to the timeline of disruptions to examine the interaction in a new way. Finally, specific network metrics are identified which are particularly suited for conceptualizing the impact of conflict disruptions on traffic network conditions. The ultimate aim is to establish processes, concepts, and analysis to advance the broader activity of rapidly quantifying the traffic impacts of conflict scenarios. © National Academy of Sciences: Transportation Research Board 2023. The interactions between vulnerability and human activities have largely been regarded in terms of the level of risk they pose, both internally and externally, for certain groups of disadvantaged individuals and regions/areas. However, to date, very few studies have attempted to develop a comprehensive composite regional vulnerability index, in relation to travel, housing, and social deprivation, which can be used to measure vulnerability at an aggregated level in the social sciences. Therefore, this research aims to develop a composite regional vulnerability index with which to examine the combined issues of travel, housing and socio-economic vulnerability (THASV index). It also explores the index’s relationship with the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, reflecting both social and spatial inequality, using Greater London as a case study, with data analysed at the level of Middle Layer Super Output Areas (MSOAs). The findings show that most of the areas with high levels of composite vulnerability are distributed in Outer London, particularly in suburban areas. In addition, it is also found that there is a spatial correlation between the THASV index and the risk of COVID-19 deaths, which further exacerbates the potential implications of social deprivation and spatial inequality. Moreover, the results of the multiscale geographically weighted regression (MGWR) show that the travel and socio-economic indicators in a neighbouring district and the related vulnerability indices are strongly associated with the risk of dying from COVID-19. In terms of policy implications, the findings can be used to inform sustainable city planning and urban development strategies designed to resolve urban socio-spatial inequalities and the potential related impacts of COVID-19, as well as guiding future policy evaluation of urban structural patterns in relation to vulnerable areas. © 2023, The Author(s). The conservation and sustainable tourism development of natural World Heritage has been one of the most challenging topics worldwide. One topic based on the identification of sites’ outstanding universal value is gradually forming a trend. Aesthetic value as a criteria for WH is an important driving force for the tourism development of most natural World Heritage sites and plays a vital role in the sustainable tourism development of heritage sites. However, due to the subjective consciousness involved in the assessment of aesthetic value, it is difficult to quantify. This means that the content of the protection of the aesthetic value of heritage sites is too general, and the exhibition of aesthetic value is inadequate, posing a threat to the sustainable development of heritage sites. This study selected the Libo Karst Heritage Site as the research area, identified and extracted the carriers and characteristics of the aesthetic value of the Karst heritage site through the combination of online text big data, landscape beauty evaluation, and ArcGIS spatial analysis, and analyzed the content and objectives of aesthetic value protection, clarified the scope of the conversation and tourism exhibits, and, finally, puts forward a conservation and sustainable tourism development strategy based on aesthetic value identification. This study was carried out using interdisciplinary technologies and methods, which provide a valuable reference for the construction of a quantitative evaluation system for the aesthetic value of natural World Heritage sites and the protection of outstanding universal value. This study contributes to filling the research gap regarding the comprehensive evaluation of the aesthetic value and protection and tourism development based on the outstanding aesthetic value identification of natural World Heritage sites. The strategy of cooperation between protection and sustainable tourism development based on prominent universal value recognition can be applied to other forms of conservation and development in other World Heritage sites with similar problems. © 2023 by the authors. Academicians and practitioners have recently begun to accord Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Big Data Analytics (BDA) significant consideration when exploring emerging research trends in different fields. The technique of bibliometric review has been extensively applied to the AI and BDA literature to map out existing scholarships. We summarise 711 bibliometric articles on AI & its sub-sets and BDA published in multiple fields to identify academic disciplines with significant research contributions. We pulled bibliometric review papers from the Scopus Q1 and Q2 journal database published between 2012 and 2022. The Scopus database returned 711 documents published in journals of different disciplines from 59 countries, averaging 17.9 citations per year. Multiple software and Database Analysers were used to investigate the data and illustrate the most active scientific bibliometric indicators such as authors and co-authors, citations, co-citations, countries, institutions, journal sources, and subject areas. The USA was the most influential nation (101 documents; 5405 citations), while China was the most productive nation (204 documents; 2371 citations). The most productive institution was Symbiosis International University, India (32 documents; 4.5%). The results reveal a substantial increase in bibliometric reviews in five clusters of disciplines: (a) Business & Management, (b) Engineering and Construction, (c) Healthcare, (d) Sustainable Operations & I4.0, and (e) Tourism and Hospitality Studies, the majority of which investigate the applications and use cases of AI and BDA to address real-world problems in the field. The keyword co-occurrence in the past bibliometric analyses indicates that BDA, AI, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, NLP, Fuzzy Logic, and Expert Systems will remain conspicuous research areas in these five diverse clusters of domain areas. Therefore, this paper summarises the bibliometric reviews on AI and BDA in the fields of Business, Engineering, Healthcare, Sustainable Operations, and Hospitality Tourism and serves as a starting point for novice and experienced researchers interested in these topics. © 2023 by the authors. Transportation is one of the most challenging urban subsystems to transform in an environmentally friendly and futuristic way. Many city dwellers use a variety of modes of transportation. An efficient and sustainable urban transportation system must include many modes of transportation for a single trip. Intermodal combinations are essential for urban transportation efficiency. Public transportation and commuting are essential elements of multimodal travel. In urban areas, a mix of bicycles, vehicles, and public transportation is prevalent, while in rural areas, car, and public transportation are more prevalent. By examining the characteristics that lead customers to prefer water transportation over Metrobus and Marmaray, we hope to gain a better understanding of how the Asian and European sides of Istanbul are traversed. The number of participants in the "Maritime Transportation Satisfaction Survey" was 2,343. During this period, a model was built using the survey item "frequency of use" (dependent variable). Numerous survey examines and evaluation methodologies were utilized to determine the effectiveness of this strategy. The study examines the intermodal travel motivations and the evaluation of transportation options by multimodal users. For a successful urban transportation system, urban planning must take into account multimodal travel behavior and user expectations. There are initiatives to improve water transportation in Istanbul. Conventional maritime transportation is inadequate from start to finish. An integrated route optimization method is needed to increase the efficiency of maritime transportation. We believe that by strengthening maritime transportation links will increase water consumption. Before the coronavirus pandemic, 2,343 maritime carriers were evaluated on March 8, 2020. (Different surveys were conducted among the passengers of City Lines, Private Motors, Metrobus, and Marmaray to compare their choices and reasons.) SPSS will be used for data analysis. Multivariate Statistical Analysis relies on Multinomial Logistic Regression and Discriminant Analysis models, both of which use the K-fold and Leave-one-out criteria to decide which attributes are valid in the regression model and which are valid in the discriminant approach. The Hosmer-Lemeshow test criteria yielded a p-value greater than 0.05 for MLR characteristics. © 2023, Faculty of Maritime Studies. All rights reserved. This study assesses 428 Taiwanese bicycle tourists’ environmental awareness, leisure involvement, perceptions of destination attributes, perceptions of value, memorable tourism experiences, continuous intention, and word-of-mouth intention, and probes into the non-linear relationships among these factors. Data analysis utilized partial least squares structural equation modeling, complemented by quadratic analysis, multi-group comparison, and an importance-performance matrix assessment. Segment-wise, this revealed two broad types of bicycle-tourist preferences and behavioral patterns, i.e., serious and casual cyclists. Further, it established that perceived destination attributes were a key mediator between antecedent variables and positive outcomes. And lastly, the results demonstrate the existence of non-linear relationships among the elements that shape bicycle-tourism experiences. These findings provide valuable insights for destination managers, and highlight how tailoring tourism services to match the unique needs of the two identified segments could yield competitive advantages and improved experiences, and ultimately bring the bicycle-tourism industry sustainable benefits. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd Food tourism has been growing globally in recent years. Food tourism is considered as special interest tourism, attracting tourists who have a great interest in food. Tourists spend a significant percentage of their budget on the purchase of local food products and related food activities, contributing to the sustainable development of the touristic destination in the process. This survey took place in Crete, Greece, throughout the touristic period of 2021, and 4268 valid questionnaires were completed by international tourists. For the data analysis, the Structural Equation Model and an extended Theory of Planned Behavior Model, based on subjective norms, attitudes, perceived behavioral control, and satisfaction, were used to better understand the consumers’ intentions to revisit and recommend the region of Crete. The outcomes of the research pinpointed that the perceived quality and perceived value of local foods positively influenced satisfaction, which, in turn, evoked favorable intentions to revisit and recommend Crete as a touristic destination. Moreover, while satisfaction, attitude, and subjective norms seem to be the most significant drivers affecting positive behavioral intentions, perceived behavior control seems to have had no significant impact. The implications and limitations of the survey, as well as future recommendations, are also discussed. © 2023 by the authors. The impact of materials in disrupting routines and practices has recently become significant in scholarship and policymaking. This has motivated alternative social theories such as practice theory to look beyond the traditional human behavioural approaches into how objects exert their materiality in achieving daily activities. While there is a substantial theoretical body of work on materiality in practice theory, this study focuses on plastic and asks how plastic facilitates the reproduction of practices in households. To foreground plastic materiality, this study makes use of the data collected in the case studies of low-income households in a suburb in Lagos, Nigeria through a mixed-methods approach, including interviews, household tours, and directed photography. The data analysis combines inductive and deductive approaches to facilitate an iterative process of identifying and refining themes related to the research aim. As a ubiquitous material, plastic facilitates the performance of household practices related to hygiene, comfortability, storage, food, and child-rearing, among others. By interacting with other practice elements, plastic actively materialises household routines through its corporality or physical features, functionality, and spatiotemporal quality. The implication of these dimensions in enabling or disrupting household routines is further discussed. The findings present important lessons for advancing the corporal and relational dimensions of materiality in social theory and implementing sustainability policies. © The Author(s) 2021. The year 2020 has marked the spread of a global pandemic, COVID-19, challenging many aspects of our daily lives. Different organizations have been involved in controlling this outbreak. The social distancing intervention is deemed to be the most effective policy in reducing face-to-face contact and slowing down the rate of infections. Stay-at-home and shelter-in-place orders have been implemented in different states and cities, affecting daily traffic patterns. Social distancing interventions and fear of the disease resulted in a traffic decline in cities and counties. However, after stay-at-home orders ended and some public places reopened, traffic gradually started to revert to pre-pandemic levels. It can be shown that counties have diverse patterns in the decline and recovery phases. This study analyzes county-level mobility change after the pandemic, explores the contributing factors, and identifies possible spatial heterogeneity. To this end, 95 counties in Tennessee have been selected as the study area to perform geographically weighted regressions (GWR) models. The results show that density on non-freeway roads, median household income, percent of unemployment, population density, percent of people over age 65, percent of people under age 18, percent of work from home, and mean time to work are significantly correlated with vehicle miles traveled change magnitude in both decline and recovery phases. Also, the GWR estimation captures the spatial heterogeneity and local variation in coefficients among counties. Finally, the results imply that the recovery phase could be estimated depending on the identified spatial attributes. The proposed model can help agencies and researchers estimate and manage decline and recovery based on spatial factors in similar events in the future. © National Academy of Sciences: Transportation Research Board 2021. Sustainable event management continues to grow in popularity in recent years in the world, and it is not yet common practice in the Sri Lankan context. Hence, the study examines the antecedents and challenges of sustainable event management practices in Sri Lanka. Primary data was collected through structured interviews from 15 event managers who have membership of the Sri Lanka Association of Professional Conference, Exhibition, and Event Organisers using the purposive sampling technique. In addition, the Qualitative data analytical method was employed, and the collected data were transcribed and analyzed by using content analysis. The findings of the study reveal that economic influence, social and political influence, and psychological factors influenced to move sustainable practices and cost, limited infrastructure facilities, lack of government support, and customers’ mentality were the challenges of implementing sustainable event management practices in Sri Lanka. Further, implications and recommendations are discussed based on the generated codes and categories. © 2024 by Apple Academic Press, Inc. Smart technologies are revolutionizing tourism, as they are having a profound impact on the way tourists behave and on how firms interact with them and create value. The increasing availability of real-time Big Data and the advances made in data analytics techniques, artificial intelligence, and IoT, has begun to transform tourism organizations in ways not previously considered, and in a lasting manner. The degree of sophistication achieved and the speed with which this so-called Smart Revolution is taking place means that tourism practitioners lacking a relevant digital and data-focused background are at risk of being left behind and unable to take advantage of the opportunities offered to create sustainable competitive advantages. This book delivers the latest and most relevant advances in the field of smart transformation and the management practices that can be put into practice to continue creating value in the years to come. Divided into four main parts and 23 chapters, it highlights the challenges that the Smart Revolution brings to tourism firms by providing updated knowledge on the literature, research, and experiences of the author. The book will also provide a guide for action to business leaders and those approaching the fundamentals of the Smart Revolution for the first time. It will also serve as a valuable text for undergraduate and graduate students on specialized courses in tourism, technology, and business transformation. © Francisco J. Navarro Meneses 2023. All rights reserved. The proceedings contain 88 papers. The special focus in this conference is on International Association of Cultural and Digital Tourism. The topics include: Experience Tourism as a Smart and Sustainable Form of Tourism in the Twenty-First Century; the Needs of the Hospitality Industry in Its Transition to the Circular Economy; internal Sustainability Reporting in the Hotel Industry; food Tourism Sustainability in Portugal: A Systematic Literature Review; scientific Narratives on Creative Tourism: A Theoretical Framework; exploring the Role of Technology in Adventure Tourism; dynamic Areas of Interest Inside an Urban Destination Using Visitors’ Geolocation; towards a Framework for Participative Innovation in Tourism; perspectives of Sustainable Tourism Development in the Region – Case Study; a Conceptual Framework for Applying Social Signal Processing to Neuro-Tourism; applying Big Data Technologies in Tourism Industry: A Conceptual Analysis; integration of Blockchain Technology in Tourism Industry: Opportunities and Challenges; application of Importance–Performance Analysis in Determining Critical Smart Hotel Technology Amenities: An Examination of Customer Intentions; implementation of Digital Marketing Techniques in Smart Tourism; the Trade Fair Industry in Transition: Digital, Physical and Hybrid Trade Fairs. The Case of Thessaloniki; role of Instagram Influencers on Destination Image: A Netnographic Study; gamification and Storytelling Enhancing Successful Wine and Food Tourism Products; a Review of Destination Personality Literature: Focus on Articles Published in the Last Decade (2013–2022); agritourism: A Lever for the Development of the Greek Countryside. The Case of Nymphaeum of Florina/Greece; environmental Sustainability Application in Athenian Hotels; predicting the Impact of Cruise Ships on Island Destinations. Passenger transportation is one of the primary sources of urban carbon emissions. Travel data acquisition and appropriate emission inventory availability make estimating high-resolution urban passenger transportation carbon emissions challenging. This paper aims to establish a method to estimate and analyze urban passenger transportation carbon emissions based on sparse trip trajectory data. First, a trip chain identification and reconstruction method is proposed to extract travelers' trip information from sparse trip trajectory data. Meanwhile, a city-scale trip sampling expansion method based on population and checkpoint data is proposed to estimate population movements. Second, the identified trip information (e.g., trip origin and destination, and travel modes) is used to calculate multimodal passenger transportation CO2 emissions based on a bottom-up CO2 emissions calculation approach. Third, we develop a multi-scale high-resolution transportation carbon emission calculation and monitoring platform and take the city of Hangzhou, one of China's leading cities, as our case study, with around 10 million daily trips data and a quarter million road links. Five modes of passenger transportation are identified, i.e., walking, cycling, buses, metro, and cars. Hourly carbon emissions are calculated and attributed to corresponding road links, which build up passenger transportation carbon emissions from road links to region and city levels. Results show that a typical working day's total passenger transportation CO2 emission is about 36,435 tonnes, equivalent to CO2 emissions from 4 million gallons of gasoline consumed. According to our analysis of the carbon emissions produced by approximately 40,000 km of roadways, urban expressways have the most hourly carbon emissions at 194 kg/(h·km). Moreover, potential applications of the developed methods and platform linking to smart mobility management (e.g., Mobility as a Service, MaaS) and how to work in tandem to support green transportation policies (e.g., green travel rewards and carbon credits in transportation) have been discussed. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd Advances in artificial intelligence and data acquisition technology are growing, the research on deep learning algorithm has gone deep into various fields. At this stage, the demand supply matching model under the comprehensive passenger transport hub travel system is obtained by analyzing the travel mode data. This paper takes traffic time as the research direction, uses machine learning and complex network theory to conduct in-depth learning algorithm research, respectively, discusses, explores and forecasts the traffic supply and demand mode data, and explores the traffic mode supply and demand model under the comprehensive passenger transport hub travel service system. It is shown in traffic data that using the prediction form of deep learning to predict traffic conditions and travel pressure can enable traffic managers to master traffic dynamics and lead the direction for future traffic development. Finally, from the perspective of MaaS system, the paper uses big data and information processing methods to explore the supply and demand matching model in terms of transportation modes. The research shows that MaaS system can make overall planning in terms of traffic resources, provide reasonable travel modes for traffic travelers and match corresponding travel services. It not only makes overall planning and guarantee for travel services, but also promotes the sustainable development of the transportation supply and demand system. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature. Globally, there have been sustained efforts at addressing inclusion by providing access to safe, accessible, reliable, and affordable transport systems for all, including persons with mobility impairment. Individuals or groups such as children, the elderly, and people with disabilities, whose capacities to travel are restricted by some permanent or temporary frailties have been generally referred to as Persons With Mobility Impairment (PWMI). While many city dwellers take mobility for granted, it is not the case for PWMI as their travel experiences are marked by exclusion and frustrations due to inherent barriers in transport infrastructure and services. This study examined usability of road infrastructure for persons with mobility impairment. The study was centred on six randomly selected cities in Nigeria. Survey research design was employed by which primary data were collected through geometric measurement, observation, and the use of structured questionnaire. We adopted the Safety, Accessibility, Reliability and Affordability (SARA) analytical framework for data analysis. Statistical analyses of data were done using descriptive statistics, Analysis of Variants (ANOVA), and the Kruskal-Wallis H test. The study found insignificant numbers, and (in some cases), complete non-existence of pedestrian infrastructure and universal design facilities on major roads in the investigated cities. Most of the roads examined have facilities in less than 20% of the required locations. There was no statistically significant difference between the mean number of facilities across the selected roads and across the six cities studied. More than 90% of respondents rated each of the usability indices (safety, accessibility, reliability, and affordability) low. Generally, roads in Nigerian cities are characterised by structural barriers which impede safety and accessibility for people with mobility impairment thereby making them experience unreliable and less-affordable journeys, reflecting the low usability of road infrastructure across the cities. © 2023 The Korea Association of Teachers of English. With the continuous improvement of technology and residents' living standards. Should actively adapt to the opportunities and challenges brought by the Internet to the tourism marketing model, For the sustainable and rapid development of tourism on the wings of takeoff. In this paper, based on a brief explanation of the basic theory of database marketing, to achieve sustainable development of tourism marketing. Adopted the development of ecotourism boutique routes, Implementing multi-faceted marketing channels and means. Improvement of ecotourism infrastructure and service levels and other development measures. Create a tourism marketing model that responds to the trend of the times. Innovative marketing with big data technology can greatly stimulate the tourist crowd. Two times more efficient with dual cores. Get 56 times the execution efficiency with 64 cores. Get the efficiency of linear growth. The most direct way to increase the share of tourism companies in the consumer market. Maximize the value of marketing economic inputs and outputs. The results show that the improved PSO algorithm is more effective in database stability and dispersion. This makes it important for tourism marketing. © 2023 Yi Liu et al., published by Sciendo. Instagram is a critical tool for the selection of tourism destinations. Instagram travel influencers seem to play a significant role in this process, often using geo-location data to make their posts even more impactful. However, there is no evidence of them performing such a role in sustainable destinations, although these destinations are increasing and to a large extent are the future in tourism. This paper aspires to shed light in this area focusing on sustainable destinations. Specifically, the purpose of this paper is to examine (a) the role of Instagram travel influencers in shaping users’ opinions of a sustainable destination and (b) the importance of geo-location data used by influencers to the users’ selection of such a destination. Thirty sustainable tourism destinations, as posted between 2017 and 2019, were selected for examination by using 10 Instagram travel macro-influencers’ power derived from their followers’ interactions on posts. The study used a mixed method approach combining cross-sectional and quantitative data analysis. Panel data and a multiple hierarchical analysis using SPSS Statistics were implemented to test the hypotheses. Finally, a regression model was used to try to identify the relationship between geo-location data and the selection of sustainable tourism destinations. The findings show that Instagram travel influencers, as social media communicators, are positively related to the selection of a sustainable destination. However, the use of geo-location data by Instagram travel influencers does not enhance travelers’ intention for such a choice. © 2023 by the authors. In urban areas, public transport can improve sustainable transport by reducing vehicles and congestion, and improving accessibility. Mass rapid transit (MRT) is especially important for large cities, such as Taipei City, Taiwan. In particular, MRT aims to improve mobility and reliability, but has limitations in providing first and last mile accessibility to final destinations or origins. Taipei City, Taiwan has introduced a public bike sharing scheme to service this gap. However, few studies have addressed how a public bike sharing scheme assists first and last mile accessibility. This study uses Taipei City as a case study to investigate this issue by comparing the demand and supply of the public bike sharing scheme, YouBike, at a detailed spatial scale. The supply of YouBike is represented by the time saving compared to walking for each identified origin and destination pair in the study area (i.e., Point of Interests (POIs) and MRT stations). The demand for YouBike is total trips from each YouBike station to a MRT station using public transport smart card data. By comparing the demand and supply for over 400 zones or villages, service gaps and areas of unbalanced service can be identified. The results show that YouBike does provide first and last mile service for the MRT network with some evidence of service mismatch in the study area, i.e., high service for low demand and vice versa. The conclusions of the paper can help cities wanting to introduce a bike sharing schemes to improve first and last mile transport. © 2023 The Authors Sustainability has become a key consideration for tourist destinations, and digitalization is increasingly being used as a tool to enhance sustainable tourism development. This paper aims to map the intersection between sustainability and digitalization in tourist destinations using a bibliometric analysis. The study is based on a bibliometric analysis of the existing literature in academic journals, conference proceedings, and books published between 2012 and 2022 from the Scopus database. Biblioshiny is used to visualize data. The results show that there is a growing interest in the convergence of sustainability and digitalization in tourist destinations, with an increasing number of publications in recent years. The co-occurrence analysis identified key themes and concepts such as sustainable tourism, digital technologies, smart tourism, social media, big data, smart city, COVID-19, digital marketing, and destination marketing. The study also highlights the different ways in which digitalization is being used to enhance sustainability in tourist destinations, including the use of smart technologies, data analytics, social media, and online platforms. However, the study also identified challenges and limitations to the integration of sustainability and digitalization, such as the need for stakeholder collaboration, data privacy concerns, and the potential for a digital divide. © 2023 by the authors. As economic drivers (especially in rural communities), touristic villages have faced a very difficult situation during the COVID-19 pandemic. The sluggish tourism industry has greatly impacted the income of rural communities that depend on tourists who visit them. This study aims to understand and explore how the Penglipuran tourism village community survives amid the sluggish tourism industry due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The unit of analysis in this study was the Penglipuran Bali tourism village community, which is included in the Top 100 World Sustainable Destinations. This case study used a qualitative approach to both data collection and data analysis. Observations and semi-structured interviews were used to obtain information. The study results found that the indigenous people of the Penglipuran tourism village are willing to change and are adaptive to cultural changes to use technology without eliminating traditional norms to survive in sluggish tourism. The habit can be seen in the activities of indigenous people who return to farming and raising livestock as well as utilizing social media and e-commerce in marketing tourism villages’ products, including local handicrafts. © 2023 Universidad de Sevilla. All rights reserved. Sustainability of maritime operations is a topic widely considered in recent years, as the shipping industry attempts to limit its environmental impact and meet the decarbonization goals set by the International Maritime Organization (IMO). As alternative fuels and newer ship technologies are gaining interest, the shift to more environmentally friendly fleets is quickly becoming a reality. In this context, potential areas for such shifts need to be determined, to expedite decarbonization efforts and provide passengers with a more sustainable way of travel. Greece is an insular country, with a complex coastal shipping network connecting the mainland with the islands and being of paramount importance for their economic growth. Recognizing accessibility and decarbonization needs, this paper examines whether the Greek coastal shipping network (GCSN) can be restructured, by introducing zero-emission sub-networks operated by electric ferries. The aim is to propose a methodological framework for the spatial analysis and evaluation of coastal networks, with the implementation of exploratory spatial data analysis (ESDA) methods and determination of local indicators of spatial association (LISA) with the help of geographic information systems (GIS). The proposed framework provides insight on whether and where such a restructuring is possible, with the introduction of new transshipment port hubs in the islands from which electric ferries could operate, thus determining potential electrification areas with additionally high renewable resource potential. Final conclusions indicate that a potential electrification of certain parts of the GCSN could be possible, while results for GHG emissions reduced by the introduction of electric ferries are calculated. © 2023, The Author(s). Small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), like large corporations, confront new issues related to business sustainability, which necessitates playing a part in environmental protection and enhancing environment-based human resources management strategies in order to remain in business. Green human resources management practices (GHRMPs) have been found to positively impact innovative performance. However, the mechanisms by which GHRMPs influence innovation are not well understood. This study aimed to examine the mediating role of individual green values and job satisfaction in the relationship between GHRMPs and innovative performance. Using a sample of 605 small- and medium-sized (SMEs) hotels and travel agents, structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) was conducted using SmartPLS program v4 to analyze the obtained data. The study found that GHRMPs were positively related to both individual green values and job satisfaction, and in turn, individual green values and job satisfaction were positively related to innovative performance. The results of this study suggest that individual green values and job satisfaction play a significant mediating role in the relationship between GHRMPs and innovative performance. Practical and theoretical implications were elaborated on and discussed. © 2023 by the authors. Understanding urban mobility patterns within public transportation (PT) systems is key for cities to improve services and promote sustainable mobility. Exploring daily PT riders’ traffic flows using anonymized big data is a first step to analyze when and to where people travel. Nevertheless, assessing the degree to which PT usage patterns correlate with the spatial distribution of points of interest (POI) and subsequently affect the city structure is less attempted. Classic approaches use questionnaires and survey data that are costly and often yielding limited statistical significance. The purpose of this research is to understand associations between travel patterns of urban commuters and the functional organization of a city. To this end, we propose a network-constrained temporal distance measure for modeling PT rider travel patterns from smart card data; and further introduce a fully autonomous approach to describe the span of services available at catchment areas around metro stations. The end result is a detailed analytical prescription of spatiotemporal commuting patterns in the city of Lisbon as well as an analytical contextual information that enables us to understand the functional modular structure of urban facilities. Using the city of Lisbon as the guiding case study, the gathered results confirm the hypothesis that PT rider's daily flows along the PT network of metro stations reveal a city modular structure. © 2023 The Authors The purpose of this study is to investigate the tourism concept variable, tourism services and facilities and infrastructure affect the success variable of developing sustainable tourism destinations through moderating variables of tourist interest to visit. In this study, the independent variable is related to the development of sustainable tourism destinations, the variable is the concept of tourism, tourism services and facilities and infrastructure, while the dependent variable is the success in developing the concept of sustainable tourism, and the moderating variable is the interest of tourists to visit. The research method used in this study is a quantitative descriptive research method using path analysis. In this study the independent variables are related to factors related tothe development of sustainable tourism destinations, such as tourism concept variables, tourism services and facilities and infrastructure, the dependent variable is the success in developing the sustainable tourism concept, with moderating variable (connecting variable) tourist interest to visit, data analysis using AMOS 20, and data taken is data on the number of tourist visits to Indonesia during 2016-2020 years. Partially variable tourism concept, tourism services and infrastructure advice significant effect on the variable successful development of tourist destinations and has a significant effect on the variable of tourist interest in visiting 5 priority tourist destinations in Indonesia, while simultaneously the variable tourism concept, tourism services and infrastructure advice indirectly has a significant effect on the variable successful development of tourist destinations through the interest of tourists to visit 5 priority tourist destinations in Indonesia. Through the results of research that has been stated that the success of developing tourist destinations depends on the concept of tourism, the tourist services and infrastructure offered are in accordance with the needs and desires of tourists, if the concept of tourism, tourism services and facilities and infrastructure offered are appropriate, then tourists will be motivated to continue to visit these tourist attractions. © 2023 by ASERS® Publishing. All rights reserved. There is a tough competition among various local tourism Destination Management Organizations (DMO) as destination developers to attract visitors and resources. Despite smart tourism concept development and appreciation of its importance, tourism specialists working in the local tourism DMOs throughout various countries have encountered problems to ground the business intelligence to the practical level of their scale and needs. There are various technological advances and forms of data analytics used by national DMOs, but digital gap on a local level having competitive advantage from it is a common issue. How to manage and turn data into insights for tourism development and make it operational? This framework combines the structure of geographic information system (GIS) database management, business analytics, tourism development performance management, and data visualization to guide the local DMO tourism specialist in drawing knowledge from the various related data. A case study from a local DMOs in Latvia is conducted to demonstrate the practical validity of the proposed business intelligence framework to manage destinations more effectively and toward sustainability. © 2024, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. This paper aims to assess the satisfaction level of passengers who use public transport services in Wrocław and to identify the quality characteristics that the service provider needs to improve if it wants to increase the overall quality of its services. The passenger satisfaction survey was conducted according to the stages of a procedure outlined in the article. In pursuit of the stated goal, CSI and IPA were used. The main measurement tool used was a survey questionnaire. The survey was conducted on a sample of 500 respondents, which allows us to trust the results at 95%, assuming an “estimation error” of ±5%. A total of 14 quality characteristics were selected to evaluate the level of satisfaction of passengers that use services provided by MPK Wrocław. Quality characteristics that each respondent rated were: spatial accessibility, frequency of connections, regularity of departures, directness of travel, speed of travel, punctuality of departures, reliability of travel, travel time, safety, accessibility of information, travel cost, travel comfort, travel integration and investment cost. Statistical data analysis was carried out using Statistica 13.3 software, as well as functions and commands available in Microsoft Excel. The results allowed the authors to conduct a detailed analysis related to the service quality of Wrocław’s public transport. Urban transport organisers and operators should use these results to shape their transport offerings, primarily in terms of increasing the quality of transport services. This is very important since it is, among other things, the quality of public mass transport that determines the quality of life of residents, as well as the conditions for the economic development of the transport network. © 2023, Wydawnictwo Ekonomia i Srodowisko. All rights reserved. Rural mobility inequality is an important aspect of inequality-focused Sustainable Development Goals. To reduce inequality and promote global sustainable development, more insight is needed into human mobility patterns in rural areas. However, studies on rural human mobility are scarce, limiting our understanding of the spatial and social gaps in rural human mobility and our ability to design policies for social equality and global sustainable development. This study, therefore, explores human mobility patterns in rural China using mobile phone data. Mapping the relative frequency of short-distance trips across rural towns, we observed that geographically peripheral populations tend to have a low percentage of short-distance flows. We further revealed social gaps in mobility by fitting statistical models: as travel distances increased, human movements declined more rapidly among vulnerable groups, including children, older people, women, and low-income people. In addition, we found that people living with low street density, or in rural towns in peripheral cities with long distances to city borders, are more likely to have low intercity movement. Our results show that children, older adults, women, low-income individuals, and geographically peripheral populations in rural areas are mobility-disadvantaged, providing insights for policymakers and rural planners for achieving social equality by targeting the right groups. © 2023, The Author(s). Planning transportation networks between urban and rural areas is of crucial importance for the integration of urban and rural development, for socio-economic connectivity, and for sustainable growth. The study offers a model assembly approach in order to logically plan an integrated urban–rural transportation network that may support the coordinated development of its living–production–ecological space. Within this approach, the ordinary least squares (OLS) linear regression analysis method is used to investigate the correlation between urban and rural areas of a transportation network and the influencing factors in the living–production–ecological space so as to objectively analyze their degree of influence. These factors are size of town, urban and rural settlements, life services, supporting transportation facilities, trunk layout, external transport links, cargo hubs, logistics and transportation, enterprise distribution, agricultural production, terrain, distribution of water systems, tourism resources, heritage preservation, and ecological protection. The analytic hierarchy method is used to assign weight to the urban and rural transportation network planning impact index system. As a result, a transportation network planning decision hierarchy model is implemented to identify suitable areas for urban and rural transportation network construction and to provide guidance and reference for planning. Jiangxia District, Wuhan, China is selected as the study area to verify the feasibility and effectiveness of the model. The findings indicate that the influencing factors of urban and rural industrial and ecological space have a significant impact on the transportation network in the research area. Planning should prioritize optimizing the central region’s transportation network structure and enhancing traffic flow between urban and rural communities, which is effectively in line with the current reality. The suggested approach is helpful in establishing case-study-specific planning and development strategies of urban and rural integrated transportation networks in the age of big data, as well as in balancing these influencing factors in living, production, and ecological spaces when planning an integrated urban and rural transportation network. © 2023 by the authors. This research investigated the application of innovation in the strategic development of Pattaya City administration from the perspective of visitors who visited Pattaya City, Chonburi Province, Thailand in January 2023. The study aimed to explore the level of innovation in Pattaya City administration, its strategic development, and the impact of innovation on strategic development. The research populations comprised of 400 visitors who responded to a questionnaire, and data analysis was conducted using statistical techniques such as frequency, percentage, average, standard deviation, correlation analysis, and multiple regression analysis. The study found that innovation was implemented at a high level in Pattaya City administration, with product innovation, strategic innovation, and process innovation being the most significant areas. Moreover, the strategic development of Pattaya City administration was identified as being at a high level, with strengthening sustainable support for a livable city, promoting the organization's potential towards becoming a regional hub, and developing towards a global tourism economy being key areas. The study also identified several innovation factors that influence Pattaya City's strategic development, including service innovation, process innovation, product innovation, social innovation, strategic innovation, and philosophical innovation. Overall, the study suggests that innovation is a crucial factor in the strategic development of Pattaya City administration. The findings provide valuable insights for policymakers and practitioners to enhance innovation and strategic development in Pattaya City. © 2023 WITPress. All rights reserved. Zimbabwe heavily relies on conventional energy sources, such as firewood, coal, thermal power, and hydropower, for meeting its energy needs. This research aims to explore the relationship between renewable energy technologies (RT), green tourism supply chain management (GTSCM), and energy independence in the context of Zimbabwe's tourism sector. Employing a quantitative methodology, data were gathered from 507 managers using stratified random sampling and the Krejcie and Morgan approach. Questionnaires were administered through Google Forms, and data analysis was performed using SMART PLS 3 software. The findings indicate direct significant relationship between renewable energy technologies (independent variable), green tourism supply chain management (mediator) and four dependent variables: energy grid resilience, energy self-sufficiency, energy capacity, energy access and efficiency. The T-statistics values for each of the nine direct hypotheses were all greater than the threshold of 1.96, ranging from a minimum of 2.765 to a maximum of 9.822. Furthermore, variance accounted for (VAR) analysis shows that green tourism supply chain management completely mediates the connection between renewable energy technologies and energy grid resilience (GR), explaining 64.1 % of the variance. Moreover, it has significant partial indirect impacts on other dependent variables like energy self-sufficiency (ES), energy capacity (EC), and energy access and efficiency (EA), accounting for 25.7 %, 20.4 %, and 42.1 % of the variance respectively. These results highlight how renewable energy technologies and GTSCM are crucial in shaping energy independence outcomes in Zimbabwe's tourism industry. The research proposes that adopting renewable energy technologies and practicing GTSCM can enhance energy independence and sustainability in the tourism supply chain. The significance of these findings provides useful guidance to policymakers and industry stakeholders, assisting them in formulating strategies that promote sustainable practices and achieve long-term energy independence objectives. © 2023 International Energy Initiative The purpose of this research was to identify the sub-dimensions of servicescape and investigate the structural relationship among servicescape, Instagramability, brand attitude, and intention to revisit. For data collection, Amazon Mechanical Turk was employed. The number of valid observations for data analysis was 422. A structural equation model was the main instrument used to test the research hypotheses. It was revealed that servicescape positively affects Instagramability and brand attitude. The results also revealed that servicescape exerts a positive impact on intention to revisit. Additionally, the results showed that brand attitude is positively associated with Instagramability. Last, it was found that intention to revisit is positively influenced by Instagramability. This study sheds light on the literature by exhibiting the structural relationship among servicescape, Instagramability, brand attitude, and intention to revisit. © 2023 by the authors. Research background:Sustainability in organizations is a business approach to creating long-term value by taking into consideration how a given organization operates in the ecological, social, and economic environments. The organizational practices that eventually lead to sustainable development are referred to as sustainable organization management. Purpose of the article: The purpose of this paper is to examine the current trends in sustainable organization management over the time period of 2015–2022, highlight the emerging themes in this study area, and provide guidance for further research in the field. Methods: This paper uses bibliometric meta-data analysis to present an analysis of current trends in sustainable organizational management. An in-depth analysis of a sample result of 619 papers from the Web of Science core collection was conducted with the use of biblioshiny, the R-Programming Language package, and the VoS Viewer software. A global representation of concepts was created using the relational directory network visualization technique based on VoS Viewer software. Keyword cooccurrence relationships were determined; relational techniques were used to visualize bibliographic coupling density to identify thematic areas with little research; and overlay visualization bibliometric techniques were used to identify new and old research themes. Findings & value added: Emerging themes are modeling, tourism, and perceptions. Motor theme areas in the field of study include performance, impact, and management. The paper concludes that the study area of organizational sustainability management is still in its early stages and has great research potential, such as Africa as a study area, despite the fact that there have been few or no research findings. Future research should examine the role of technology and innovation in promoting sustainable practices within organizations and clarify how well an organization can survive global competition. © Instytut Badań Gospodarczych / Institute of Economic Research (Poland). In recent years, there has been a growing amount of discussion on the use of big data to prevent and treat pandemics. The current research aimed to use CiteSpace (CS) visual analysis to uncover research and development trends, to help academics decide on future research and to create a framework for enterprises and organizations in order to plan for the growth of big data-based epidemic control. First, a total of 202 original papers were retrieved from Web of Science (WOS) using a complete list and analyzed using CS scientometric software. The CS parameters included the date range (from 2011 to 2022, a 1-year slice for co-authorship as well as for the co-accordance assessment), visualization (to show the fully integrated networks), specific selection criteria (the top 20 percent), node form (author, institution, region, reference cited, referred author, journal, and keywords), and pruning (pathfinder, slicing network). Lastly, the correlation of data was explored and the findings of the visualization analysis of big data pandemic control research were presented. According to the findings, “COVID-19 infection” was the hottest cluster with 31 references in 2020, while “Internet of things (IoT) platform and unified health algorithm” was the emerging research topic with 15 citations. “Influenza, internet, China, human mobility, and province” were the emerging keywords in the year 2021–2022 with strength of 1.61 to 1.2. The Chinese Academy of Sciences was the top institution, which collaborated with 15 other organizations. Qadri and Wilson were the top authors in this field. The Lancet journal accepted the most papers in this field, while the United States, China, and Europe accounted for the bulk of articles in this research. The research showed how big data may help us to better understand and control pandemics. © 2023 by the authors. Improving the travel ratio of public transportation (PTR) is important for realizing low-carbon transportation and sustainable city development. However, limited by data resolution and model accuracy, existing research rarely involves the spatially refined calculation of PTR and the quantitative analysis of its influencing factors. In this study, based on multi-source geospatial big data, we propose a novel computational framework to solve the above problems. Specifically, we first design a linear programming-based three-step method, which realizes the calculation of PTR at 500-meter grid-pair scale for the first time; secondly, we develop a Beta-binomial model for regression analysis, which improves by more than 50% compared with traditional generalized linear models. The case of Wangjing area in Beijing shows that: the overall PTR in Wangjing is only 16%, which is much lower than the official expectation (45%), and less than 20% of origin–destination (OD) pairs meet the standard; among the influencing factors, the travel duration gap between public transportation and private cars, walking distance, number of transfers, and residential parking density have significant negative effects on PTR. Finally, this paper provides an implication of the proposed computational framework, i.e., the accurate detection of public transportation (PT) supply–demand imbalance areas, which proves its great potential in refined transportation optimization and sustainable urban planning. © 2023 The Authors The study investigates the connections between tourists‘ hotel preferences and distance from resort expressed in meters, distance from ski lift expressed in meters, booking score, number of reviews, room type, feature of free cancellation, price expressed in Euro, type (private host/hotel), destination (ski-to-door access/travel sustainable property) from 10 highly appreciated European ski locations offered in from February 2023 by Booking, using a sustainable, electronic instrument for collecting and analyzing a large amount of data, Octoparse 8 and a multi-attribute decision model. Previous studies concerning tourist preferences and online behavior used traditional methods, such as questionnaires and surveys, being limited to a certain number of questions and respondents; thus, this study covers a research gap in the literature with regard to the use of a large amount of data, electronic instruments and multi-attribute models to rank the hotel locations, which derives from the difficulty in obtaining the necessary data to carry out an in-depth analysis. The results show that when selecting a hotel location from an exclusive ski resort, the tourists are interested in the number of reviews, the price and the distances from the resorts to the ski slopes, while the booking score is less important. This is translated into practical implications for marketers and hotel managers, presented at the end of the paper. © 2023 by the authors. Organization Agility plays a vital role in the survival and sustainability of organization, particularly in the new normal period. Therefore, the objectives of this research are: 1. To identify level of external forces that influence organizational agility, and 2. To study the impact of leadership, workforces, technology capability, and creativity and innovation agility on airline performance. Data were collected the via e-mail and in-person surveys from 250 randomly selected Thai airline employees and 250 passengers, and the response rate was 76.40% (382 responses); then interviewed, 13 experts were to confirm those quantitative results. Data analysis was a descriptive analysis using percentage, standard deviation, and mean. The data were then analyzed with a structural equation model (SEM). We found that external forces influencing organizational agility are economic pressures, competitors' performance, and air travel health risks at significant impact. Leadership, Workforce, Technology capabilities, and Creativity & Innovation (CRIN) directly impact organizational agility. Innovation is perceived as the least important compared to Leadership, Workforces, and Technology capabilities, respectively.  © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2023. This study aims to analyse the factors and strategies that condition the bicycle's use and highlight various unknown facts about the electric bicycle. To identify the brakes (examples: road safety, urban culture or social norms) on the use of the bicycle and the possibilities of modal shift, a survey was carried out within three main campuses at the University of Liege (ULg) in Belgium. A brief presentation of the main routes and the description of the route most taken (based on cartographic identification, a field visit and interviews) complete the survey results. During this study, 29,000 people (students, doctoral students, and staff members) were contacted to participate in the survey. The results of this work show that despite the topographical conditions of the city studied, a priori unfavourable, and some major obstacles, such as the lack of cycle paths and road insecurity, or the price in the case of the electric bicycle, the potential for a modal shift towards cycling, and particularly towards electric bicycles, is great. 70 % of respondents live less than 12 km from the University, a distance considered the limit for travelling by electric bike. Mitigating these brakes is a priority to stimulate modal shifts. The study of the image of the bicycle and the perception of the brakes shows that better communication could avoid erroneous evaluations as to the possibility of travelling by bicycle. Analysis of the profile of respondents reveals that contrary to the data in the literature, students represent the public least attracted to cycling. Initiating a modal shift to obtain a mass effect is therefore essential. One of the most important factors in pursuing a modal balance is the development of safe cycle paths, where a potential increase in bicycle use is recognized by 62 % of car users, 82 % of bus, 62 % of staff and 74 % of students. Finally, some paths are suggested to improve the downtown-rural cycle route and promote the use of bicycles in the university community. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd The relationship between visitor behavior and the park landscape is complex. Influences of some park features on visitor behavior are unconfirmed and change with time and space, which always confuses landscape architects and park managers. These spatiotemporal dependent effects were less studied. To understand this influence, an empirical study was conducted in 10 representative parks across the West Lake Scenic Area in Hangzhou, China. A system for Observing Play and Recreation in Communities was applied to record visitor behavior on weekdays and weekends, which provides a non-contact approach for an objective and comprehensive dataset. Spearman correlation analysis, Wilcoxon rank-sum test, and a mixed linear model were used for data analysis. The results revealed that spatiotemporal differences between different visitor behaviors. Park location and visiting date affected visitors’ behavior patterns. Landscape features influenced visitor behavior in various ways depending on their context. Landmarks served as gathering points, and the dual effect of vegetation cover varied significantly among visitors. Not all visitors preferred places with high vegetation cover. Social space was more suitable for visitors engaging in planned behaviors, such as exercise and recreation. Based on these findings, the study proposed several strategies for park sustainable design and management. © 2023 by the authors. This study aims to compare the satisfaction and loyalty of SCUBA divers who were segmented into groups based on their level of environmentally responsible behavior (ERB). Overall, 1800 valid questionnaires were obtained from for Taiwan, the Philippines and Indonesia. Multivariate statistical analysis was used for data analysis. Four clusters of SCUBA divers were identified through cluster analysis: blended ERB SCUBA divers, moderate ERB SCUBA divers, lacking ERB SCUBA divers, and practicing ERB SCUBA divers. Each of these clusters exhibited significant differences in tourism satisfaction and loyalty. This study used the ERB variable to effectively categorize SCUBA divers into four groups with several theoretical and practical implications for each, and extended the research on marine tourism development. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd. This investigation delineates the multi-faceted determinants integral to the evolution of agrotourism within rural domains, concentrating on the province of Jambi as a case study. This scholarly inquiry engaged with four representative villages, utilizing primary data procured through focus group discussions (FGDs) and comprehensive interviews with various stakeholders. These encompass village administration, village-owned enterprises (BUMDes), youth organizations, the regional body for planning and development, the tourism office, community figureheads, village facilitators, commercial operators, and local community delegates. The analytical methodology incorporated the transcription of FGDs and comprehensive interviews, data distillation, analytical interpretation, and triangulation. The NVivo 11 Plus suite facilitated this qualitative data analysis. The investigation discerned six cardinal determinants that substantively influence the trajectory of agrotourism development within rural areas. These include the potential of nature tourism, the accessibility, and caliber of agro-products, the adequacy of infrastructure, the involvement and roles of community and institutional bodies, technological innovation, and the safeguarding of local cultural heritage. This scholarly inquiry underscores the necessity of a collaborative approach in formulating and implementing policies. This approach, which calls for the inclusion of diverse stakeholders, is aimed at bolstering the sustainable development of agrotourism. © 2023 by the authors. The purpose of this study was to determine and analyze the effect of accessibility, tourism governance, and information technology on competitive advantage mediated by supply chain management at tourist destinations in Central Sulawesi Province. The research was conducted using a quantitative approach. A total of 205 respondents were used as a simple sampling technique. The data analysis technique used was Structural Equation Modeling (SEM) with Partial Least Square with the help of SmartPLS software. The results of this study indicate that accessibility, tourism governance, and information technology had positive effects on supply chain management and competitive advantage. Furthermore, supply chain management was able to mediate the effect of accessibility, tourism governance, and information technology on competitive advantage. This would practically imply that tourist attraction with easy access is more likely to increase the capability of supply chain management and competitive advantage. © 2023 Growing Science Ltd. All rights reserved. The Cloud Ocean phenomenon in the Hyrcanian Forests, listed in the UNESCO World Heritage List, is one of the most stunning yet lesser-known ecotourism destinations that has recently attracted the attention of adventure tours. However, the increasing number of ecotourists visiting these sites is expected to threaten the sensitive ecosystem of the Cloud Ocean sites. Therefore, this study aims to conceptualize sustainable behaviors for off-road forest tours in the Cloud Ocean sites of the Hyrcanian Forests. A combined qualitative-quantitative approach was adopted to achieve this aim, using the meta-synthesis method to cover the qualitative part and Smart PLS software for the quantitative data analysis. The qualitative assessment involved 19 participants, while the quantitative study included 240 experts who helped monitor and evaluate the indicators as components of the model. Previous literature has given little attention to the Cloud Ocean sites. Therefore, the conceptualization of sustainable behavior for forest adventure tours in these sites is considered the most significant contribution of this study. Paying attention to the dimensions of the proposed model can significantly reduce damage to these sites. © 2023 by the authors. Electric scooters (e-scooters) are becoming one of the most popular micromobility options in the United States. Although there is some evidence of increased mobility, reduced carbon emissions, replaced car trips, and associated public health benefits, there is little known about the patterns of e-scooter use. This study proposes a framework for high-resolution analysis of micromobility data based on temporal, spatial, and weather attributes. As a case study, we scrutinized more than one million e-scooter trips of Nashville, Tennessee, from September 1, 2018, to August 31, 2019. Weather data and land use data from the Nashville Travel Demand Model and scraping of Google Maps Point of Interest (POI) data complemented the trip data. The combination of Principal Component Analysis (PCA) and a K-means unsupervised machine learning algorithm identified five distinct e-scooter usage patterns, namely morning work/school, daytime short errand, social, nighttime entertainment district, and utilitarian trips. Among other findings, the most common use of e-scooters in Nashville was daytime short errand trips, contributing to 29% of all e-scooter trips. We found that 7% of all e-scooter trips resembled morning commuting to work or school. Only 16% of trips were classified as Nighttime Entertainment District trips. The average daily number of trips on a typical weekend was 81% higher than a typical weekday. We also found variation in e-scooter usage patterns over a year with high summer ridership patterns. The findings of this study can help city administrations, planners, and micromobility operators to understand when and where people are using e-scooters. Such knowledge can guide them in making data-driven decisions regarding safety, sustainability, and mode substitution of emerging micromobility. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd This paper investigates the implications of value chain models in mainstream ecotourism as a potential ecosystem-based adaptation in developing country contexts via three case studies across Vietnam, including Lai Chau, Lam Dong and Dong Thap. While the models of the two former two are similar, Dong Thap employs a special unit known as Destination Management Unit, or DMO, to help manage the operations of ecotourism. In this study, a mixed method approach was applied, including both in-depth group discussions and questionnaire-based surveys collecting inputs from tourists and the local tourism business households. For data analysis, we employed two multivariate analysis methods, including multi correspondence analysis and hierarchical cluster analysis. From a tourist’s perspective, DMO provides insurance for services and eliminates intermediate fees. It creates trust in services, improving overall satisfaction, which is a key element for tourist retention. Furthermore, DMO can ensure fair competition, producing a sustainable environment for ecotourism development in the area. However, from business households’ perspectives, the effectiveness of the DMO is still subpar. In contrast, in the case of Lai Chau, we found positive support from the government for tourism activities. The role of the government in the promotion of tourism in Lai Chau can be seen through marketing efforts and the organization of publicity events. In essence, even without the establishment of a dedicated management unit, the management and development of ecotourism can be streamlined should there be effective participation from the government. The findings herewith present an inclusive strategy or instruction for the application of the DMO in a particular area. Empirical results from Lai Chau and Dong Thap point that application without localization is unfeasible. For that matter, localization is key for its application, which requires instruction from the government. Secondly, the improvement of the resource may enhance the experience of the tourists and possibly attract higher travel. The resources mentioned included tangible resources such as infrastructure, accommodation, information access and intangible resources such as human resources and local identity. Lastly, we recommend that DMO should present as the moderator in the value chain of ecotourism which promotes the healthy connection among the members in the ecotourism value chain. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V. Emerging technological advancements and sustainability concerns have initiated the integration of smart technologies into the transportation infrastructure at major cities and tourist hubs. The rising environmental concerns have called for a shift in focus from conventional methods to innovative green transport initiatives being formulated by DMOs and destination planners. The use of data analytics and artificial intelligence in transportation has been proven to be a reasonable method for sustainable transportation. This study focuses on assessing the value propositions of smart transportation systems in enriching the tourist experience by providing convenient travel solutions. The chapter focuses on understanding the value proposition of smart transport designs at destinations and the long-term prospects of installing such sustainable infrastructure at major tourist hubs. The study also aims to evaluate the tourist experience in using smart transportation services and the potential benefits and challenges involved in the practical implementation of such systems. © 2023, IGI Global. All rights reserved. Passenger cars have emerged as a substantial segment of the vehicles traversing expressways, generating extensive traffic data on a daily basis. Accurately identifying individual vehicles and their travel patterns and characteristics is crucial in addressing the issues that impede the sustainable development of expressways, including traffic accidents, congestion, environmental pollution, and losses of both personnel and property. Regrettably, the utilization of electronic toll collection (ETC) data on expressways is currently not adequate, and data analysis and feature mining methods are underdeveloped, leading to the undervaluation of data potential. Focusing on ETC data from expressways, this study deeply analyzes the spatiotemporal characteristics of travel by passenger car users. Here, we propose an advanced user classification model by combining the traditional clustering algorithm with the feature grouping recognition model based on a back propagation neural network (BPNN) algorithm. Real-world data on expressway vehicle travel are used to validate our models. The results show a significant improvement in iteration efficiency of over 26.4% and a 23.17% accuracy improvement compared to traditional algorithms. The travel feature grouping recognition model yielded an accuracy of 95.23%. Furthermore, among the identified groups, such as “Public and commercial affairs” and “Commuting”, there is a notable characteristic of high travel frequency and concentrated travel periods. This indicates that these groups have placed significant pressure on the construction of a safe, efficient, and sustainable urban transportation system. © 2023 by the authors. Purpose: Building on recent smart hospitality systematic reviews and extensive literature analyses, this paper aims to explore recent developments, themes and issues within smart hospitality. It synthesises existing knowledge, extrapolating forward and contributes to the future development of smart hospitality by serving as a reference to enrich academic/industry discussions and stimulate future research. Design/methodology/approach: The research examined 8 recent review articles on smart hospitality and tourism and extracted 145 articles in peer-reviewed sources from Web of Science focussed on smart hospitality. These publications supported in-depth analysis to explore the body of knowledge and develop foresight for the future of smart hospitality within business ecosystems at tourism destinations. It synthesises knowledge and provides the basis for the development of a comprehensive in-depth research agenda in smart hospitality innovations as well as the formulation of agile hospitality ecosystems. Findings: This paper illustrates that smart hospitality introduces disruptive innovations that affect the entire hospitality ecosystem. Smart hospitality takes advantage of smart cities and smart tourism towards establishing agile business ecosystems in networked destinations. Having reviewed the existing literature, the study developed a conceptual framework and introduced a comprehensive future research agenda. This includes the drivers of smart hospitality, namely, customer-centricity, personalisation, individualisation and contextualisation; marketing-driven hospitality excellence and metaverse; as well as operation agility, asset strategy, talent management and supplier interoperation. It also identified the foundations that provide the infostructure for smart hospitality, including ambient intelligence, big data, processes and sustainability, providing the capability blocks to co-create value for all stakeholders in the hospitality ecosystem. Originality/value: This study conceptualises smart hospitality as a disruptive and innovative power that will affect the competitiveness of hospitality and tourism organisations as part of a comprehensive ecosystem. It identifies the key stakeholders and explores how they can take advantage of emerging developments. This paper proposes the drivers and foundation for future research on smart hospitality. The research provides a conceptual synthesis of the literature and the concepts that have been elaborated. The foundations are effectively the infostructure that enables the drivers to add value to different stakeholders. Key issues are identified to stimulate further research on the area to support smart hospitality development and adoption. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited. While there have been many tourism studies exploring business opportunities from online comments, research in the context of sustainable rural tourism is rare. In particular, practitioners involved in rural destinations are usually transformed from farmers who are relatively new to information technology and therefore unable to understand the voices of tourists in a timely and effective manner. Aiming to expand the literature on sustainable rural tourism, this study cuts from tourist satisfaction and proposes a mixed methodology to investigate insights for sustaining rural destinations from online comments. Specifically, the KMeans clustering algorithm is first utilized to discover service attributes that visitors value; then Importance-Performance Analysis (IPA), an effective satisfaction analysis tool, is adopted to understand tourist satisfaction; to develop specific sustainable strategies, using an advanced opinion extraction technique this work identified dissatisfaction factors of visitors. 5832 online comments of two adjacent rural destinations (i.e. Hongcun and Xidi) were crawled to validate the proposed methodology. Results show that five service attributes were discovered, including Natural environment, Price, Food, Hospitality, and Culture & heritage; Hongcun's Natural environment and Price require urgent measures, and its Food and Hospitality are at a competitive disadvantage compared to Xidi; detailed factors dissatisfying visitors were identified through opinion extraction technique, based on which specific sustainable strategies are generated for authorities and practitioners. By excavating business opportunities from online reviews via big data analysis and text mining techniques, the proposed methodology advances the academic understanding of promoting rural tourism. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd Smart policing based on the analysis of big data ensures the development and sustainability of police policy. However, it is difficult to find instances in which the results of data analysis have been applied to actual policy in the field of crime prevention. The South Korean police force recognizes the need for smart policing and is engaged in various research and field support activities. Some examples that are especially relevant for crime investigation include analyzing the connections between cases and predicting the location of the next crime in a series of crimes and the location of suspects. However, it is difficult to find examples of police policy that use big data. Therefore, this study aims to suggest a model that uses big data to respond to emergency calls efficiently. First, we extract hotspots that are predicted to be locations of criminal activity based on an analysis of the association between community environment data and crime data. Second, we create a route having the shortest travel time to the crime location by developing a route optimization algorithm. Lastly, we assess the performance of the patrol routes in reflecting real-time traffic information. If the data application model suggested in this study could be adjusted and applied to the current police patrol system, the model could be used by each police department effectively. © 2023 The Author(s) Tourism industry plays an important role in global and regional economic growth. The precise and effective tourism demand forecast will serve as a crucial decision-making support for developing a sustainable and smart tourism ecosystem. Embracing the opportunities brought by the availability of high frequency internet big data and the development of deep learning-based forecasting models, this study proposes a cloud-based tourism demand forecasting system to provide real-time tourism demand forecasts and to promote industry collaboration.  © 2023 IEEE. The three states that border the Black Sea benefit from an important potential for tourism and consider the development of this sector to be a major objective. Nonetheless, they face environmental risks. Tourism does not have a neutral impact on the ecosystem. We evaluated tourism sustainability for three states bordering the Black Sea, Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey. We used a longitudinal data analysis applied to five variables for the period between 2005 and 2020. The data were taken from the World Bank website. The results show that tourism receipts significantly influence the environment. For all three countries, the total receipts from international tourism are unsustainable, while the receipts for travel items are sustainable. Sustainability factors are different for each country. The international tourism expenditures for Bulgaria, the total receipts for Romania and the receipts for travel items for Turkey are sustainable. In Bulgaria, the receipts from international tourism contribute to higher greenhouse gas emissions, i.e., negative environmental impact. In Romania and Turkey, the number of arrivals has the same impact. No sustainable tourism model could be identified for the three countries. Tourism activity was found to be sustainable only due to the receipts for travel items, that is, indirectly, from tourism-related activities. © 2023 by the authors. Maintaining the sustainable development of fascinating resources in Taiwan’s Hualien and Taitung (Huatung) regions is the basis of organic agritourism. Loyalty not only represents tourists’ commitment to return and recommend but also serves as a goal for destination development. The purpose of this study is to propose and examine the effect of destination fascination on loyalty through a conceptualized Reasonable Person Model (RPM), mediated by place attachment and pro-environmental behaviors. SPSS21 and the linear structure relationship model (LISREL) were used as data analysis tools in this study. A total of 500 valid online questionnaires were collected through snowballing and convenience sampling. The data analysis results revealed that destination fascination has a positive and significant impact on loyalty through place attachment and pro-environmental behavior. Another finding is that place dependence, place identity, and pro-environmental behavior all have mediating effects, with place identity being the main mediating variable. The contributions of this study are mainly reflected in examining the application of RPM in fascination and loyalty, as well as providing practical suggestions for destination fascination and place identity. © 2023 by the authors. This study presents the social perceptions of tourists, local people, government officials, bird watchers, fishermen, and producers of goods and services concerning the management, monitoring, solutions, responsibilities, and condition of the water quality in the Laguna de Yuriria, Guanajuato. The information was obtained through semi-structured interviews and digital questionnaires designed to be remotely applied due to the pandemic caused by a new coronavirus (COVID-19). Overall, 71 persons participated. The data obtained were processed with the R package for Qualitative Data Analysis (RQDA) and were grouped into the three dimensions of human well-being (material, relational, and subjective). Of the interviewees, 7.05 % considered the water quality to be good, 18.30 % regular, 42.26 % bad, and 12.67 % very bad, while 19.72 % did not know the subject. Government officials consider that the water quality condition is due to poor management and public administration. Bird watchers warn that the water quality is poor, and it affects the biodiversity of species. Most fishermen consider that the water quality is regular and that the lagoon still sustains the economy of their families and the communities of La Angostura and Los Tepetates. This perceptions helped to obtain a social analysis of the lagoon’s water quality. They can be lead to the strengthening and creation of strategies for managing and conserving this water body. © 2023, Centro de Ciencias de la Atmosfera, UNAM. All rights reserved. The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant challenges but also unprecedented opportunities for transportation researchers and practitioners. In this article, the major lessons and gaps in knowledge for those working in the transportation sector are identified, including the following: (1) integration between public health and transportation; (2) technology to support contact tracing and tracking of travelers; (3) focus on vulnerable, at-risk operators, patrons, and underserved members of society; (4) re-engineering of travel demand models to support social distancing, quarantine, and public health interventions; (5) challenges with Big Data and information technologies; (6) trust relationships between the general public, government, private sector, and others in disaster management; (7) conflict management during disasters; (8) complexities of transdisciplinary knowledge and engagement; (9) demands for training and education; and (10) transformative change to support community resilience. With a focus on transportation planning and community resilience, the lessons from the pandemic need to be shared and customized for different systems, services, modalities, and users. While many of the interventions during the pandemic have been based on public health, the management, response, recovery, adaptation, and transformation of transportation systems resulting from the crisis require multi-disciplinary, multi-jurisdictional communications and coordination, and resource sharing. Further research to support knowledge to action is needed. © National Academy of Sciences: Transportation Research Board 2021. Today, artificial intelligence (AI) can be found in nearly every aspect of travel and tourism, from personalization and recommendation systems to robotics to conversational systems to intelligent travel agents to forecasting and prediction tools and systems for language translation. As a result, this study examines the connection between large-scale big data analysis and smart tourism, resulting in a massive data platform for forecasting and providing feedback on smart tourist developments.This article aims to shed light on the importance of AI in the travel and tourism sector. Many cybersecurity firms are stepping to raise their efforts using artificial intelligence to attain this goal because effective information security is necessary for better detection.An intelligent all-area-advanced tourism cloud platform is demonstrated in this paper, as well as how to design the overall system framework, system structure, and database systems needed to integrate all of the province's tourism resources into a single information resource sharing system.Furthermore, this paper presents an intelligent decision-support system based on big data to reimagine tourism public administration and service. It moreover examines the ramifications of this decision-making mode and implementation procedures. This study covers the framework operation's elements, environment features, and promotion mode by creating a tourism public management and service framework based on big data. Big data-driven decision-support and management can overhaul tourism public management and service models. Cyber threat intelligence and applications, including those that defend systems, networks, programs, devices, and data from cyber threats, could significantly impact this tourism industry.The present tourism industry's problem-solving efficiency, quality, and services have increased. The simulation evaluation can promote the public tourism service in sustainable tourism development with an improved decision accuracy of 97.21%. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag France SAS, part of Springer Nature. Tourism is one of the most interesting sectors in many countries, including Indonesia. This country has many natural and cultural resources as a potential tourist attraction. Based on tourism data, of all Indonesian entrances in 2020, only 4,052,923 tourists will visit Indonesia. This number decreased by 74.84% compared to 2019, with 16,108,600 visits. This is due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Ponggok Village is one of the villages in Indonesia that develops community-based tourism. This tourism location was also affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. This study aims to explain the community governance of Ponggok Village tourism post-Covid-19 pandemic. This study uses three dimensions of community governance: bonding social capital, bridging social capital, and linking social capital. The nature of this study is qualitative. In-depth interviews were used as a data collection technique. In addition to that, field observation was also used to enrich the findings. The respondents for this study are village heads, community leaders, tourism managers, and visitors. At least nine (9) respondents were interviewed. Interactive data analysis, which includes data collection, condensation, data display, and conclusion, is used as data analysis. Research findings show that local cultural values can be seen as social capital in society that helps tourism management during a pandemic. The bonding social capital aspect occurs through beliefs, cooperation, and social norms among the community, forming groups named Wanua Tirta. This group helped recover the tourism sector after the COVID-19 pandemic. The bridging social capital aspect shows that Ponggok Village Government collaborates with other villages to recover tourism. The linking social capital aspect shows that stakeholder coordination works well during COVID-19. These findings indicate the role of local wisdom and stakeholder collaboration as crucial elements in Indonesia's tourism sector's survival during and post-pandemic. © (2023). All Rights Reserved. We synthesize a large body of literature involving peer-reviewed work, grey literature and novel data analyses about the small-scale northern pike (Esox lucius) fishery in lagoon ecosystems in the southern Baltic Sea. Based on our comprehensive review that synthesizes ecological as well as social, economic and governance-related literature we derive implications for the management of mixed commercial-recreational fisheries in coastal areas. The interconnected shallow and biologically highly productive meso- to polytrophic lagoons (extension about 2000 km²) bordered by the peninsula of Fischland-Darß and the islands of Hiddensee, Rügen and Usedom in the southern Baltic Sea of Germany constitute an oligo- to mesohaline transitional habitat suitable for colonization by a range of freshwater fishes, including pike. In the Rügen area, pike successfully recruits in the mesohaline lagoons, but anadromous subpopulations and freshwater residents also exist in tributaries, forming a connected meta-population. The stock is co-exploited by a small-scale commercial fishery and a largely tourism-dominated recreational fishing sector that, depending on the angler type, values the pike for both consumption as well as for its trophy size. The recreational sector has risen in economic and social relevance since the German reunification in 1990 and today removes similar amounts of biomass than commercial fisheries. Pike is a prime target species of anglers, and recreational pike angling in the lagoons today generates a larger economic impact in terms of jobs created compared to the commercial pike fishing, where pike is typically one target among many freshwater fish. Stock assessments and stakeholder reports have revealed that the stock size and size of pike in the catch have been falling since 2010, fueling conflicts among fishers and anglers for space and fish. Reasons for the current decline of the pike stock involve multiple pressures operating jointly and possibly synergistically, such as local overharvest, loss of stock structure through past blocking of freshwater streams, eutrophication and macrophyte loss, predation mortality by natural predators, reduced availability of marine prey through declines of western Baltic spring-spawning herring (Clupea harengus), and poorly understood impacts of climate change. The assessment of current fishing mortality suggests a the stock stock is size/quality-overfished from the perspective of anglers, and fully exploited to slightly growth-overfished when judged against the reference point of maximum sustainable yield. The current biomass trend is negative. The current instantaneous fishing mortality rate, F, is estimated to range between 0.2 and 0.4 yr-1. Hence, fishing cannot be the sole culprit of the current stock decline because the current fishing mortality rates are too high for the underlying productivity, but not exessive. Because the current fishery no longer meets the expectations of recreational anglers, and angler numbers have recently declined, if the aim is to also suit anglers, reductions of fishing mortality would be useful in recovering the stock and fishing quality, coupled with restoration of access to flooded wetlands as spawning and nursery grounds, and control of other mortality sources of pike (e.g., cormorants). However, whether such actions indeed rebuild the fishery remains uncertain because of the potential for compensatory natural and fisheries mortality and other environmental changes affecting recruitment and abundance negatively. Policy makers may want to solve the allocation problem among commercial and recreational fisheries, install a robust monitoring system and a management framework that is inclusive of multiple perspectives and objectives and adaptive to novel productivity regimes and further structural changes in the mixed fishery. Further research on climate change impacts, food web changes, impacts of natural predators such as seals, cormorants or stickleback, and the behavioral and socio-economic aspects of commercial and recreational fisheries is warranted. © 2023 Elsevier B.V. The present study aims to investigate potential causality relationships between environmental quality, energy efficiency, and economy when testing the validity of the Environmental Kuznets Curve (EKC) hypothesis. To this effort, panel data analysis concerning Eurozone member states is put into the process for the period 1996–2019. We conceptualize environmental degradation in terms of greenhouse gas emissions, energy efficiency in terms of energy consumption, and the economy concerning a nation's Gross Domestic Product (GDP). We include additional tourism indicators in terms of the direct contribution of tourism to GDP and tourism key market segments when testing the hypothesis of EKC. Scarcely in literature, we find empirical research that investigates the heterogeneous nature of tourism in the context of business tourism spending and leisure tourism spending, and the environment. This is an essential question, which seeks ways to optimize human and technical resources and processes, sectoral and organizational, to establish sustainability within the economy. This suggests that a potential gap in the literature might exist. We process contemporary panel regression tests that consider possible structural breaks and cross-section dependence phenomena across panel data. Empirical findings confirm the EKC hypothesis whereas business tourism spending, capital investment spending, and internal travel and tourism consumption negatively impact GHG emissions. Furthermore, Granger non-causality tests suggest that all variables Granger cause GHG emissions. Practical implications call for establishing sustainable energy consumption and tourism spending patterns in the long run. © 2022 Economic Society of Australia, Queensland The Middle Eastern region is well-known for its flourishing tourism industry as the aviation sector contributes over US$213 billion to the regional GDP while air transport-related activities account for over 3.3 million jobs. Howbeit, the environmental impacts of this flourishing industry remain questionable. Hence, this study examines the tourism-emissions nexus in the Middle Eastern region from the perspective of air transportation while underscoring the multifaceted roles of major indicators like globalization, income, and energy use in the region. The empirical analysis of data spanning from 1975 to 2018 was conducted with advanced panel data analytical approach using the CS-ARDL technique. The sample selection was guided by available statistics on international tourist arrivals from the United Nations World Tourism Organization (UNWTO 2020), with a focus on the case of the five leading travel destinations in the region including Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Egypt, Oman, and Qatar. The robustness of the evaluated outputs was checked after which result-based policy suggestions were enunciated for authorities and other regional stakeholders. The analysis indicated that air transportation although boosting tourism has constituted significant detrimental environmental impacts on the reviewed destinations with an estimated long-run elasticity of ∼1.03. Additionally, while the trio of globalization, energy utilization, and income expansion exacerbate environmental degradation, the lowest carbon-triggering magnitude was observed from the regional income expansion. Thus, while the aviation sector facilitates the growing quest to diversify from a primary sector-based economy (mainly resources exploitation) to other prospective service industries like tourism, the study posits the need for authorities to put measures in place to address the environmental side effect of air transportation. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature. The progressive increase in the size of datasets has given life to the so-called big data that provides researchers with the opportunity to extract a greater amount of useful information in many sectors, especially in the tourism industry. The chapter aims to demonstrate that sustainable tourism (ST) could be particularly favored by using big data and a data-driven approach. Furthermore, as ST appears in line with a new type of responsible entrepreneurship, called Humane Entrepreneurship (HumEnt), this chapter investigates the link between ST and HumEnt and the impact of big data and dataoriented approaches on ST and HumEnt. The research adopts a qualitative approach, applying the case study technique. The authors conducted ten semi-structured interviews with key informants from a specific form of hospitality: Albergo Diffuso. Findings show the advantages of the data-driven approach to tourism and entrepreneurship highlighting how using data creates new opportunities for decision making in ST and HumEnt. © 2023 by Antonio Botti and Antonella Monda. Understanding the economic value of ecosystem services is necessary to facilitate sustainable land use management, and to inform policy and decision making. However, valuing and monetizing ecosystem services remains challenging. Benefit-transfer and non-market valuation methods typically rely on administrative data and surveys, but this is time consuming, limited, and requires much more resources. Social media and other types of big data provide accessible and georeferenced data that can be incorporated into valuation approaches. We use recreation as an example and the Tahoe Central Sierra Initiative (TCSI) project area in California as a case study to explore the usefulness of such data in estimating travel costs that form an integral part of determining the value of recreational ecosystem services through the travel cost model. We estimated 6,951 person user days of recreation from 2,245 visitors who uploaded photographs to the Flickr photo-sharing application between 2005 and 2019. We used metadata from the images to infer visitor origins and estimate trip distance and costs of travel for visitors that took day trips (<500 miles (∼800 kms) roundtrip) to the area. Our results show that the most demand for recreational opportunities in the TCSI came from domestic visitors, particularly those from California and Nevada who took day trips. On average, visitors spent $156 per single day trip. The total cost of travel for recreational visits to the TCSI for the period was $491,500 (an average of $32,800 per year). However, when adjusted to align with actual visitation, the travel costs could range from $1.35 to $1.84 billion per year. Estimating recreational use and highlighting the travel cost for recreational opportunities illustrates how crowdsourced data can refine valuation approaches such as the widely used travel cost approach, which may fill in data gaps in valuing ecosystem services. © 2023 The Authors In the current period, the influence of mass tourism has begun to diminish due to measures and travel limitations. In the post-COVID period, variations in tourist demand and consumption patterns are evident. In this research paper, the concept of alternative tourism is analyzed, along with its characteristics and philosophy, with an emphasis on camping as well as a profile analysis of campers. In addition, the concept of Glamping, a trend in alternative tourism that blends living in nature with the conveniences of a luxury hotel, is examined. There is a review of the evolution of Glamping and the locations where it is practiced, as well as an examination of the profile of tourists who habitually select Glamping and their variations from campers. In addition, a focused behavioral study is undertaken on a sample of 135 individual campers (N = 135) by inquiring about their preferences for luxury camping. Through data analysis, rules are extracted, the research’s findings are presented, and conclusions are drawn. Finally, the long-term sustainability of this modern type of tourism in contrast to current mass tourism (camping) is evaluated through the development of new innovative tourism services and their dissemination via contemporary digital marketing channels. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. This study investigates the role of mobile technology in the three stages (pre-visit, during-visit, and post-visit) of nature-based tourism (NBT) experiences. By employing collaborative autoethnography and reflexive thematic data analysis, this research explored the NBT experiences of four researchers who participated in a nature-based trek. The findings revealed that in the pre-visit stage, mobile technologies enhanced the NBT experience by enabling the flow of information for planning and mediating the anticipated experiences. Mobile technologies supported tracking well-being, documenting, and sharing the experience online in the during-visit stage. In the post-visit stage, mobile technologies allowed for reliving, reflecting, and sharing the experience. Using mobile technology in this NBT experience also led to some negative experiences, specifically interruptions that resulted in some participants' inability to truly immerse themselves in the experience. This study adds to the existing body of literature on NBT, highlighting the implications of technology, particularly mobile technology, for NBT experiences that can be capitalised on by visitors and destinations/service providers. Management implications: The study provides important managerial implications that suggest mobile technology can influence the experience in the three stages of an NBT experience. In the pre-visit stage, destinations/service providers must provide information (e.g., on the website) that is essential in planning the experience. In this stage, marketing the experience to attract visitors is also essential, leaving clues to create anticipation for the experience. In responding to the during-visit stage, creating photo opportunities and placing information about the place (e.g., flora and fauna) and identifying the area of internet availability will enhance not only the during-visit stage but also the post-visit stage when viewing and sharing the photos to reflect and relive the experience. The study also offers opportunities for how mobile technology can be used for sustainable tourism. © 2023 The Author(s) This paper presents an analysis of secondary quantitative data on the impact of the pandemic on one of the most relevant urban tourism destinations in the Northwest of the Iberian Peninsula. This in-depth study of the official tourism statistics yielded by Porto Convention and Visitors Bureau is justified given the fact that Porto witnessed a huge increase in the number of tourists before the pandemic. Hence, the aim of the paper is to analyse the effects of the pandemic in the socioeconomic sustainability of tourism in this destination. The results of the research highlight the sudden drop in tourist activity driven by the constraints derived from the pandemic in Porto. In addition, we will analyse the first signs of recovery that were felt in the tourist industry of Porto, looking at how they may influence the immediate future of this activity. In fact, according to the Instituto Nacional de Estatística (INE), tourism, during 2021, in Portugal, despite registering a notable growth compared to 2020, was still below 2019. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. Purpose: This study aims to propose an integrated moderated mediation model to examine the process by which hotels obtain competitive advantage from the perspective of hotel managers. Design/methodology/approach: After obtaining the agreement of the participants, a total of 560 candidates, all of whom were hotel managers, completed a survey administered online over a three-month period from November 2020 to January 2021. Ultimately, 257 valid responses were obtained after data screening by research assistants, for a response rate of 45.89%. Findings: By reference to the concepts of big data (BD) and sustainability, the results show that BD management is a foundational attribute with respect to the indirect effects of BD analytics capabilities via proactive market orientation and social media collaboration. Furthermore, sustainability commitments and marketing are found to affect the relationship between such analytics capabilities and competitive advantage. Additionally, information sharing and food services have positive moderating effects that strengthen the changes in critical attributes during the process of obtaining competitive advantage. Originality/value: To date, despite the proliferation of the concepts of BD, social media and sustainability, there is a lack of adequate empirical evidence and systematic literature reviews to comprehensively synthesize the emerging body of literature in the fields of tourism and hospitality research. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited. The big data and cloud computing are an extraordinary opportunity to implement multipurpose smart applications for the management and the control of transport systems. The aim of the paper was to propose a big data and cloud computing model architecture for a multi-class origin-destination demand estimation based on the application of a bi-level transport algorithm using traffic counts on congested network, also for proposing sustainable policies at urban scale. The proposed methodology has been applied to a real case study in terms of travel demand estimation within the city of Naples (Italy), also aiming to verify the effectiveness of a sustainable policy in terms of reducing traffic congestion of about 20% through en-route travel information. The obtained results, although preliminary, suggest the usefulness of the proposed methodology in terms of ability in real-time/pre-fixed time periods traffic demand estimation. Copyright © 2023 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd. Equal distribution of benefits in tourism has always been a complicated matter, compounded by the fact that communities are never homogenous and tourism communities vary in type. The COVID-19 pandemic has changed many aspects of tourism, including how tourism’s benefits are perceived and distributed. The pandemic has shifted the focus in tourism from ensuring maximum revenues and high tourist arrivals to managing negative impacts associated with over-tourism and relooking at the notion of quality. Most literature on income distribution and sustainable development need to be understood holistically. This study conducted a secondary data analysis of the literature on tourism between 2020 and 2021. It used document analysis of survey reports from South Africa’s National Department of Tourism, Statistics SA, and other relevant sources. It explored how researchers perceive COVID-19 and equal distribution of tourism benefits, considering sustainability perspectives. The study revealed that the tourism sector’s resilience, adaptivity, flexibility, collaboration and co-creation are the premise for survival. It recommends that the private sector utilise different resources to help local communities address poverty, which must be understood as a multi-dimensional problem and not just an economic one. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2023. Purpose: This paper aims to examine the relationship between tourism development and income inequality, closely linked to the Sustainable Development Goals, for the case of a large sample of 83 countries (and subsamples) over the period 1990–2019. Design/methodology/approach: This study uses rigorous dynamic panel data analysis, namely, a Panel Vector Autoregressive Error Correction model, which takes into account both dynamic and endogenous relationships in the tourism-inequality nexus. Findings: The results provide strong support that tourism development has an income inequality reducing effect (albeit relatively small with a reported elasticity of 0.05). Subsamples analysis reveals that the impact of tourism on income inequality varies and is relatively larger in developing economies and those tourist-dependent economies, as compared to developed economies. In fact, it is reported that a 1% increase in tourism development reduces income inequality by 0.46% for developing and 0.56% for tourist-dependent economies as compared to only 0.02% in developed economies. It is further observed that tourism may affect income inequality indirectly via economic growth. Originality/value: This paper attempts to supplement the dearth literature on the tourism-inequality nexus by analyzing subsamples from a large data set while also using a dynamic panel data framework. The potential indirect effect of tourism on inequality via the economic growth channel is also explored. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited. Coastal tourism offers a wide variety of activities related to nature and culture in a sustainable environment. The present study in a coastal destination with cultural characteristics aims to (i) establish the dimensions of perceived value, (ii) determine the relationship between perceived value and satisfaction, and (iii) identify the relationship between perceived value and loyalty in variables such as return, recommendation, and word of mouth in a cultural coastal destination. This quantitative research used a sample of 384 valid questionnaires collected in Huanchaco, Peru, a city next to the Pacific Ocean, being a coastal destination with cultural potential. Factor analysis and multiple regression were applied for data analysis. The results show three dimensions of value perceived by tourists in coastal destinations: emotional and social value, economic value, and functional value. Of these, emotional and social value is the most salient predictor of tourist satisfaction and loyalty. These results will serve as management guides for cultural coastal destination managers and contribute to the academic literature.  © 2023 Regalado-Pezúa et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited. Significant heterogeneity has been observed among different ecosystem services (ES). Understanding the trade-offs and synergies among ES and delineating ecological functional zones is crucial for formulating regional management policies that improve human well-being and sustainably develop and maintain ecosystems. In this study, we used the Integrated Valuation of Ecosystem Services and Trade-offs (InVEST) and Carnegie–Ames–Stanford Approach (CASA) models to evaluate the spatial distribution patterns of nine ES (food supply, raw material supply, water resource supply, water connotation, climate regulation, soil conservation, water purification, habitat quality, and entertainment tourism) in the Qilian Mountains from 2000 to 2018. We also investigated the trade-offs and synergistic relationships among ES through Spearman correlation analysis, identified ES hotspots through exploratory spatial data analysis, and identified ES bundles (ESB) using K-means clustering. Our results revealed that water purification and habitat quality remained relatively stable, while food supply, raw material supply, water resource supply, water conservation, climate regulation, soil conservation, and entertainment tourism increased by 1038.83 Yuan·ha−1, 448.21 Yuan·ha−1, 55.45 mm, 7.80 mm, 0.60 tc·ha−1, 40.01 t·ha−1 and 4.82, respectively. High-value areas for water resource supply were mainly concentrated in the high-altitude mountainous area, whereas high-value areas for soil conservation were found in the western and eastern parts of the study area. The low-value areas of water purification were primarily located in the east, while the remaining six services were highly distributed in the east and were less common in the west. Correlation analysis showed that water resource supply, water conservation, and soil conservation exhibited a synergistic relationship in the Qilian Mountains. Moreover, food supply, raw material supply, climate regulation, habitat quality, and entertainment tourism showed synergistic relationships. However, there were trade-offs between food supply and water purification as well as water resource supply, and habitat quality showed a tradeoff with water resource supply, water conservation, and soil conservation. We identified four ESB. The food supply bundle consisted mainly of farmland ecosystems, while the windbreak and sand fixation and ecological coordination bundles were dominant in the Qilian Mountains. Notably, the area of the water conservation bundle increased significantly. Our comprehensive findings on ES and ESB can provide a theoretical foundation for the formulation of ecological management policies and the sustainable development of ecosystems in the Qilian Mountains. © 2023 by the authors. This research investigated the antecedents of electronic Word of Mouth (eWoM) for the halal tourism context, including psychological safety, sustainable tourism development, halalfriendly destination performance, and tourist satisfaction. The role of tourist satisfaction in the relationships between psychological safety, sustainable tourism development, Halal-friendly destination performance, and electronic Word of Mouth (eWoM) was also analyzed. Questionnaires were distributed to 310 respondents who visited Halal tourist destinations in West Sumatra, Indonesia, from February to May 2022. Structural Equation Modelling (SEM) - Partial Least Square (PLS) was employed in data analysis, and results showed that psychological safety and halal-friendly destination performance significantly affected tourist satisfaction. However, sustainable tourism development did not significantly influence tourist satisfaction. Moreover, psychological safety, sustainable tourism development, halal-friendly destination performance, and tourist satisfaction also influenced electronic Word of Mouth (eWoM). Tourist satisfaction did not mediate the effect of psychological safety, sustainable tourism development, and halal-friendly destination performance on electronicWord ofMouth (eWoM). © 2023 WITPress. All rights reserved. Last decades have been marked by deep socio-economic transformations, an uneven evolution of transport demand in main urban areas and the emergence of new and more sustainable modes of transportation (carpooling, self-services bicycles). These changes have strongly impacted the interaction between service supply and demand in the transport industry. In this context, passive data as Wi-Fi and Bluetooth become a key source of information to understand individual mobility behaviors and ensure the sustainable development of transport infrastructures. In this paper, we present a framework that uses disruptive technology to collect passive data in buses, continuously and at a lower cost than traditional mobility surveys. Previous research, conducted over a more limited spatial and temporal framework, uses filtering methods, which do not allow the results to be replicated. This study uses artificial intelligence to sort transmitted signals, get transit ridership and build Origin–Destination matrices. Its originality consists in providing a concrete, automatic and replicable method to transport operators. The comparison of the results with other data sources confirms the relevance of the presented algorithms in demand forecasting. Therefore, our findings provide interesting insights for data-driven decision making and service quality management in urban public transport. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. Purpose: Aiming to investigate the direct and indirect effects of community involvement on residents’ life satisfaction, this study builds a conceptual framework through the mediation effect of perceived impacts and trust in government based on social exchange theory. The moderating effect of place attachment among these variables is proposed and empirically examined. Design/methodology/approach: The conceptual model and causal relationships were estimated by adopting structural equation modeling, a serial mediation and moderation analysis. A total of 362 valid questionnaire data from residents in five rural tourism communities of China were collected and used for data analysis. Findings: The results indicate that residents’ community involvement directly influences their life satisfaction and indirectly through perceived benefits and trust in government. Place attachment is also found to moderate the effect of community involvement on residents’ life satisfaction. Originality/value: This study tests the effect of community involvement on residents’ life satisfaction that evolves from linking community involvement to perceived tourism impacts and trust in government to increase life satisfaction within the rural tourism context. It simultaneously detects place attachment as a moderating variable. The findings of this study can provide valuable insights for rural tourism managers to improve residents’ life satisfaction. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited. The transition from the current transportation system to intelligent mobility and the MaaS concept, through the introduction of Big Data analytics and digital innovation, is underway. Perceptions, attitudes and other internal factors often have a significant impact on the choice of human behavior in transportation. This paper discussed the characteristics of vehicle choice by type and depending on the goal of the trip. Private car drivers noted that they choose a car mainly because of accessibility, flexibility of use, safety and comfort. For public transportation passengers, safety and cost of travel were determining factors in their choice of public transportation. The main differences between trips with different goals were found for the indicators "time of a trip", "company trip", and "prestige". The results show that there is a positive perception of intellectual mobility among student youth, a tendency to switch from owning vehicles to other ways of using them and participating in MaaS schemes. It can be concluded that MaaS is positively perceived by the young generation of students. Based on the data obtained, proposals for the directions of sustainable development of urban public transport are made.  © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences. With the increase in global tourism and business travel, air transport has become one of the major sources of carbon emissions, as well as noise pollution and declining air quality in cities. Driven by global climate change and environmental awareness, there is an urgent need for governments, international organizations and airlines to develop policies that balance the development of air transport with the need for environmental protection. This study uses qualitative research, quantitative research, data analysis and case studies to explore the balance between air transport and environmental protection, with a special focus on policy making and sustainable development. First, there is a detailed literature review on the environmental impact of air transport, including carbon emissions, noise pollution and air quality. Then, through data analysis, the impact of different environmental protection policies on these problems is assessed. Finally, taking the case of Air Macau as the research object, the paper analyzes the balance between policy making and sustainable development, and provides useful insights for realizing this balance. The air transport industry needs to continuously take innovative measures to reduce its adverse impact on the environment, and governments, international organizations and airlines should work together to pave the way for sustainable development. Macau's policy practices offer lessons for other regions and provide an important example for building a greener future. This study provides a valuable reference for the policy formulation and sustainable development of air transport and environmental protection. © 2023, Success Culture Press. All rights reserved. Based on POI big data, spatial data measurement methods such as nearest neighbor distance analysis, kernel density estimation, Simpson diversity index and geographic detector model are used to quantitatively analyze the spatial distribution characteristics, mixed vitality and influencing factors of rural tourism industry in Zhejiang province. The results show that: (1) the rural tourism industry in Zhejiang province as a whole presents the spatial agglomeration characteristics of "two core areas and multiple growth poles"; (2) the regional differences in the development level of the rural tourism industry in Zhejiang province are still significant. The industrial vitality in the north is significantly higher than that in the south; (3) the distribution of rural tourism industry in Zhejiang province is significantly affected by social and economic conditions, while the influence of traffic conditions is the weakest; the influence of the interaction of two factors is higher than that of a single factor, and produces. There are two effects of nonlinear enhancement and two-factor enhancement, in which the effect of each influencing factor is significantly enhanced by integrating with rural air quality; (4) the formation of natural landscape and sightseeing farm tourism resources depends on the endowment of regional natural resources, while agglomeration and scale transformation is a key link in the formation and sustainable development of leisure and vacation industries. © 2023 Zhejiang University Press. All rights reserved. Fueled by the Internet and artificial intelligence, virtual tourism represents an innovative integration of advanced technologies within the tourism industry. The 360 degree panoramic video has emerged as the most prevalent form of virtual tourism both domestically and internationally, owing to its affordability, ease of use, and mild impact. Nevertheless, the advent and proliferation of virtual reality (VR) has unlocked new opportunities in the tourism sector, as VR offers enhanced immersion and a more authentic user experience. Although VR is already employed in various capacities within the industry, it holds the potential to elevate virtual tourism to unprecedented heights. Diverging from prior research, this study examines virtual tourism as a distinct category of tourism that may materialize in the future. A focus group interview and a survey involving 243 respondents were conducted to gauge individuals’ receptiveness to virtual tourism. Participants responded to questions regarding their travel habits and their perceptions of virtual tourism. Data analysis revealed concerns surrounding the technological aspects of virtual tourism: over 20% of respondents were entirely unfamiliar with VR, and a mere 17% utilized the technology. A larger proportion, nearly 40%, lacked awareness of VR’s application in the tourism industry, and only 11.20% had personal experience with it. Concurrently, the Likert scale indicated that respondents recognized the advantages of virtual tourism in comparison to traditional travel, but they expressed skepticism about the technological advancements. Overall, most respondents displayed curiosity and a willingness to explore virtual tourism. These findings hold significant implications for both theoretical understanding and practical implementation within the tourism industry. © 2023 by the authors. Purpose: Social participation of university refers to the creation of knowledge and participatory processes with local communities in solving community problems in order to achieve sustainable development. Identifying the university's social participation strategies was the main purpose of the present study. Design/methodology/approach: In order to achieve this aim, the qualitative method was used. The study area is Semnan province and Semnan University. The statistical sample included two groups of internal beneficiaries of the university (including staff, deputies and faculty members of the university) and external beneficiaries of the university (including managers and experts of local organizations, education, province and municipality). The sampling was purposefully performed based on the theoretical saturation criterion, holding an interview with 29 participants. Data analysis was performed in three stages of open, axial and selective coding. Findings: The results of the research showed that the university can participate with its local community in developing the university vision according to the needs of the local community, holding workshops and scientific conferences, concluding joint research contracts, expert and researcher exchange, environmental leadership training, participatory management and teamwork, indigenous manpower, institutionalizing regional participation, solving community issues and problems, creating associations and non-governmental companies in the community, mission orientation, directing education and research towards solving problems and meeting the real needs of the province according to land management, supervising research activities, conducting comprehensive studies in the field of mineral potentials, organizing workshops for farmers' awareness, monitoring the employment of graduates, creating and developing new fields according to the needs of the province and region, educating citizens and cultural zing to reduce production and segregate household waste, opening the university's social space for the growth and supply of youth, educating the province's handicrafts to housewives, especially in the deprived areas, sensitizing programs in the field of environmental protection, and reviewing educational content based on the community needs. Originality/value: Biosocial and economic policy of universities was another result of the present study. The university intends to make citizens aware of social and environmental problems and to provide the necessary education in the fields of air pollution, soil salinity, drinking water supply, cultivation pattern refinement, agricultural mechanization, and waste and waste management. The university should also promote entrepreneurship among students and faculty members and attract economic resources to the university through innovation and commercialization circles, and develop the province's economic infrastructure in various fields of tourism, agriculture, industry and mining. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited. Tourist villages are constructed as a means for reducing the stress caused by the rapid changes in modern life by providing a comfortable environment for users to integrate with. Nevertheless, many villages cannot achieve a satisfactory performance level due to the ignorance of urban designers of the relationship between humans and their environment and its impact on developing successful urban spaces. This paper aims to analyze and measure the impact of humanitarian needs on the spatial formation of shared urban spaces in three tourist villages on the Northern Coast in Egypt, as it is one of the significant areas that the government and the private sector focus on developing and considering as a domestic and international touristic area. Furthermore, the study uses different quantitative techniques to achieve its goals, such as spatial analysis and data analysis of user questionnaires using SPSS to measure the factors that affect each need. The study’s findings place special emphasis on the connection between spatial formation’s capacity for meeting and satisfying user needs. Moreover, the results highlight design criteria that contribute to creating responsive urban spaces and should be considered by urban designers to achieve the highest performance quality in these shared spaces and generate social sustainability. © 2023 by the author. Purpose: This study explores the brand management and marketing of Creative Cities of Gastronomy. A framework based on brand experience was constructed to investigate its relationship with tourists' brand attachment and brand identification. Two factors that enable tourists to have a stronger brand experience from the self-concept perspective – self-congruity and self-expansion – were also examined. Design/methodology/approach: The authors adopted a quantitative research design and collected data from participants who had visited Creative Cities of Gastronomy. A total of 515 valid questionnaires were collected online and offline. Partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) was used for data analysis and hypothesis testing. Findings: The results showed that brand experience positively affects brand identification and attachment. The brand experience of tourists who considered themselves to be “foodies” was enhanced in the Creative Cities of Gastronomy through self-congruity. The results also confirmed that the relationship between self-congruity and brand experience is mediated by self-expansion. Originality/value: Studies on the Creative Cities of Gastronomy are limited. The few that have explored these cities are dominated by qualitative approaches. This study applied empirical data to examine the brand experience in Creative Cities of Gastronomy. The authors successfully verified that brand experience is effective for building positive relationships with brand attachment and identification. The study also confirmed that self-congruity and self-expansion are important antecedents of brand experience in Creative Cities of Gastronomy. This study enriches the literature by providing empirical evidence and insights into the marketing and branding of these cities. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited. Sustainable mobility is a goal for several countries. This kind of mobility depends not only on personal motivation but also on government actions. Encouraging people, particularly children and younger, to raise awareness of the importance and benefits of using sustainable transport, like bicycles, is crucial to developing a sustainable society. This work presents the IPBike project, a Portuguese project applied at the Polytechnic Institute of Bragança. This project aims to promote the use of sustainable transport in the academic community through a rental bike program. This paper presents the results of the over three years of the IPBike project, as well as the user’s impressions and suggestions to improve the project. Moreover, a greenhouse gas emission reduction is estimated, comparing the displacement using bikes or only by cars. In general, the results achieved are promising to promote sustainable cities and plan the future since the bikes of the project are constantly rented and the user’s positive feedback, which makes the IPBikes a popular community asset. Moreover, the results demonstrate a bike-sharing program’s capacity to impact people’s lives, improve their health, reduce travel expenses, and impact society and the environment. Besides, according to the estimates, the IPBikes provided a reduction of 7% per year in the greenhouse gases emitted by the users, which means a significant reduction all over the project implantation. © 2023, The Author(s). Deep relationships with consumers are not limited to products. In tourism, deep relationships can be built based on valuable and meaningful travel experiences in sustainable tourism destinations. The aim of the study is an examination of tourist engagement for loyalty in the sustainable destination image. This research was designed through a causal study. ASurvey for data collection was conducted employing questionnaires specifically designed for local tourists visiting tourist villages in Bali and Yogyakarta. A sample of 282 local tourists was determined incidentally according to established criteria. Data analysis used statistical inference analysis, namely Structural Equation Modeling (SEM) maximum likelihood method. The research findings indicate that the alignment of values demonstrated in the image of sustainable tourist villages encourages tourists to engage in and support sustainability. The congruence of normative values and beliefs portrayed by the brand image as a tourist village fosters intentions to revisit and recommend it to others. Tourists’ behaviors further contribute to sustainability based on normative considerations of tourist village sustainability. The theoretical implication is the congruence of values as a concept that cannot be separated from consumer engagement and sustainable tourism destinations. Values developed based on tourists’ self-congruence with sustainability form the basis of relationships with tourists. These values become the primary preferences for engagement and loyalty to sustainability. By understanding self-congruence theory, managers can design strategies that consider the values and attributes the target market identifies in sustainable tourism destinations. Creating value congruence between the destination and the tourist’s self-image can encourage emotional engagement and tourist preference for sustainable destinations. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. The proceedings contain 111 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Intelligent Computing and Optimization. The topics include: The Significance of Digitalization of the Construction Sector; Load-Pull Methodology to Characterize GaN High-Electron-Mobility Transistors (HEMTs); Assessment of 4D SME Entrepreneurial Marketing Model: The Perspective of Nepalese MSMEs; training Tracker: A Training Management System; designing a Sustainable E-Waste Management Framework for Bangladesh; the Role of Emerging Technologies in Digital Tourism Business Ecosystem Model for Nepal; Is RDBMS or NoSQL Better Suited for MIS?: A Comparative Analysis; uitXkernel: Android Kernel Forensic for Security Analysis Purposes; lossy Compression Effect on Color and Texture Based Image Retrieval Performance; bangla Song Suggestion Using Face Detection; an Implementation of Basic Ant-Colony Optimization Based Routing in Wireless Sensor Networks; re-assessing the Role of the Statistician in the Era of Big Data: A Business Perspective; Analysis and Forecasting of Final Household Expenditure in South Africa Using Box-Jenkins – ARIMA Model; neural Network Model for Predicting the Resource Efficiency of the Defecosaturation Department of a Sugar Factory; Influence of COVID and AI on Teaching and Learning; Impact of Artificial Intelligence on DOOH Advertising: Message-Persuasion Level Enhancement Using Illusion Board and Personalized Insights; SWINC: Secured Wireless Intelligent Network Using Cryptography; fall Detection System Based on Pose Estimation in Videos; Detecting Spam SMS Using Self Attention Mechanism; Sustainable and Profitable IT Infrastructure of Bangladesh Using Green IT; inter-application Communications Using Covert Channels in Android Applications; solving a Generalized Network Design Problem Using the Archimedes Optimization Algorithm; transfer Learning Based Method for Classification of Schizophrenia Using MobileNet; maximum Value-at-Risk. Recently, China's urban construction has gradually shifted from incremental development to quality improvement, and urban residents' demand for a better travel environment has become stronger. Therefore, as the main carrier of urban slow traffic and an important part of public space, streets are gradually becoming the focus of urban planning. This study starts from the perspective of the residents' needs and selects the measurement indicators from multiple dimensions. The combination of big data analysis and field observations makes up for the shortcomings in the subjective methods, single measurement dimensions, and low data accuracy in previous studies and provides a comprehensive measurement method for the spatial quality of typical streets in China, and provides theoretical support and a scientific basis for urban sustainable development. This study used the Bijiashan Block, Hefei, Anhui Province, China, as an example. Based on the street view big data and technologies, such as point of interest (POI) spatial analysis, road network accessibility analysis, and machine learning algorithm, this study conducted a quantitative evaluation of the street space quality from four dimensions: (1) visual perception; (2) functional attribute; (3) road network structure; and (4) spatial form. In addition, quantitative measurements of pedestrian walking characteristics are conducted based on pedestrian flow rate and walking speed. Correlation and regression analyses are adopted to explore the correlation between street space quality and pedestrian walking characteristics and the impact of each indicator. The results indicate that street richness, green visibility, POI density, and vehicle interference degree show a significant correlation with walking characteristics and indicators, such as street accessibility and functional mixing degree that are believed by the public to affect walking characteristics show no significant correlation with street scale.  © 2022 American Society of Civil Engineers. This study focuses on one line of cultural tourism. Specifically, in a contemporary art museum, located in Favara, (Agrigento), Sicily, called Farm Cultural Park (FCP) Museum. The study analyzes the profile of FCP visitors, from the perspective of cultural, sustainable and participatory tourism. A total of 302 surveys were conducted during June, July and August 2020. Therefore, it must be considered that they were the first months after the confinement decreed in the country due to Covid-19, with all the obvious difficulties. Data analysis was carried out with the SPSS statistical program in its version 26. The methodology was based on a structural equation model (SEM), with different causal relationships among the analyzed constructs. Tourists came with the precise interest of visiting an open museum, with a very high social and participatory component. The visitors were fully satisfied by the staff who welcomed them. A medium-low level of spending was observed, linked to consumption inside the museum. And, unfavorable opinions were expressed on a lack of signage to arrive in FCP. The final results support the influence of preferences upon satisfaction, which originates attitudinal loyalty. Therefore, it would be very important for Sicily to show that tourism on the island could not be seasonal, due to the magnificent climatic conditions that prevail throughout the year. It would also be crucial to expand research on the synergies of cultural tourism that could be generated between the Valley of the Temples, in Agrigento, and the FCP, in Favara. In this way, a greater range of sites would be offered that concern various interests and ideas, both for the department's business community, as well as for tourists. The corollary of these actions would be to increase the presence of Agrigento on the map of international cultural tourism. All this should be capable of transforming, enhancing and making known the richness of territorial diversity, traditions and historical and environmental contexts, first in the department of Agrigento, and later, throughout the island. © 2023 Editura Universitatii din Oradea. All rights reserved. In order to explore the way of sustainable development of scenic spots under the carbon neutrality goal, this paper firstly takes Wuhan Ecotourism Scenic Spot as the research object, through the investigation and analysis of tourists' perception of low carbon and the recognition of low-carbon image of scenic spots, Then, using the expectation difference theory , with the help of SPSS statistical software for paired sample t-test. Based on this, an IPA model is constructed, and the influencing factors of creating a "carbon neutral"scenic spot are analyzed and summarized, so as to find a path for the scenic spot to realize intelligent and low-carbon development. Finally, it is proposed that a "carbon neutral"scenic spot should be built on the basis of the deep integration of new technologies such as big data, cloud computing, 5G and the cultural tourism industry, and focus on three aspects: low-carbon environment creation, low-carbon product design and low-carbon institutional guarantee. Expand in every aspect.  © 2022 ACM. Perawan Beach is a popular tourist destination due to its unique and beautiful natural views. The research aimed to: (1) identify the carrying capacity of the environment in developing ecotourism in Perawan Beach; (2) identify the economic conditions of the community around Perawan Beach to develop ecotourism; (3) identify community participation in developing ecotourism in Perawan Beach; (4) identify Special Interest Tourism (SIT) activities that are fit and attractive to tourists at Perawan Beach; and (5) develop optimization of Community-Based Ecotourism (CBET) strategies through Special Interest Tourism in Perawan Beach to promote the sustainable economy. This research method used the explanatory sequential mixed methods design. Data collection methods include field tests, observations, and interviews. The data analysis technique used is SWOT analysis using a quantitative descriptive approach based on the results of the IFAS and EFAS matrices. The SWOT analysis results demonstrated that the development of the tourism area in Perawan Beach is currently in quadrant III, indicating that development strategies must be optimized to address weaknesses and support existing opportunities. The primary area development opportunity that can benefit tourist attractions is to increase tourism activities at the Pedotan and Gundang Wetan attractions through Special Interest Tourism (SIT). Moreover, it is essential to develop tourist attractions and integrate the ecological value of the area through edutourism-based development. Details of area development can be carried out in a sustainable manner, beginning with community participation, visitor training for environmental preservation, and training through Special Interest Tourism activities located in the main area of Perawan Beach, the Pedotan area, and the Gundang Wetan area. © 2023 Editura Universitatii din Oradea. All rights reserved. Efficient operations at intersections are associated with smooth, safe, and sustainable travel at the network level. It is often challenging to prevent congestion at these locations, especially during rush hours, owing to high traffic demand and restraints of road geometry. The primary cause of intersection traffic congestion is large variations and fluctuations in traffic demand during the day. Dynamic lane assignment (DLA) is an intelligent transportation system (ITS) technology that can improve traffic operations at signalized intersections, making better use of available space by optimizing lane allocation based on real-time fluctuating traffic demands. This study used a brute-force optimization model to produce a vast synthetic dataset of turning movements at a four-legged signalized intersection. The model then found the optimal lane assignment and cycle length for each case. The produced data were used to develop a deep learning model to predict the optimal lane assignment and cycle length simultaneously at any four-legged signalized intersection without applying optimization software per se. The deep learning model results developed were compared with the results of the k-nearest neighbors (KNN), random forest, and decision tree algorithms. It was found that the deep learning model was superior, with accuracy and F1 score of 95.26% and 93.56%, respectively. The proposed solution is expected to require insignificant additional resources and services for successful implementation, particularly in developing countries.  © 2022 American Society of Civil Engineers. Purpose: This bibliometric study provides an overview of research related to digital transformation (DT) in the tourism industry from 2013 to 2022. The goals of the research are as follows: (1) to identify the development of academic papers related to DT in the tourism industry, (2) to analyze dominant research topics and the development of research interest and research impact over time and (3) to analyze the change in research topics during the pandemic. Design/methodology/approach: In this study, the authors processed 3,683 papers retrieved from the Web of Science and Scopus. The authors performed different types of bibliometric analyses to identify the development of papers related to DT in the tourism industry. To reveal latent topics, the authors implemented topic modeling based on latent Dirichlet allocation with Gibbs sampling. Findings: The authors identified eight topics related to DT in the tourism industry: City and urban planning, Social media, Data analytics, Sustainable and economic development, Technology-based experience and interaction, Cultural heritage, Digital destination marketing and Smart tourism management. The authors also identified seven topics related to DT in the tourism industry during the Covid-19 pandemic; the largest ones are smart analytics, marketing strategies and sustainability. Originality/value: To identify research topics and their development over time, the authors applied a novel methodological approach – a smart literature review. This machine learning approach is able to analyze a huge amount of documents. At the same time, it can also identify topics that would remain unrevealed by a standard bibliometric analysis. © 2023, Peter Madzík, Lukáš Falát, Lukáš Copuš and Marco Valeri. The unprecedented interest in sustainable transport modes for urban areas raises the question of what makes citizens select environmentally friendly transport modes such as public transport rather than private cars. While travel surveys are conducted to document real transport mode choices, they can also shed light on how these choices are made. In this paper, we demonstrate a system combining survey data with complex information documenting public transport features, as perceived by individual respondents. The system relies on a combination of big data modules to collect vehicle location records and travel planning engines to calculate candidate connection features, including disruptions faced by individuals. Hence a combination of streaming and batch modules is used to transform survey data into instances used to learn classification models. This takes place while taking into account concept drift. Real-life data from the city of Warsaw, including recently collected survey data, location records of trams and buses, and planned and true schedules, are used to demonstrate the system. A video related to this paper is available at https://youtu.be/fTcxUxEMGlk. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. Purpose: This study used an integrated model that incorporates the Technology Acceptance Model (TAM) and the Theory of Planned Behaviour (TPB) to empirically investigate how eco-gamification stimulates users' sustainability knowledge and, consequently, their pro-sustainable intentions through the mediating roles of sustainable knowledge and psychological and social norms. Thus, the study aims to examine users'’ experiences with the JouleBug app, which is designed to encourage users to complete at least one daily green task. Design/methodology/approach: After a trial period of two weeks, a total of 360 participants completed the post-game survey during the research process. Findings: The findings from the structural equation modeling and data analysis indicated a good fit for the model. The findings demonstrate that usefulness, ease of use and enjoyment of eco-gamification enrich users' sustainability knowledge, which, in turn, strongly influences their pro-sustainable intentions. According to the findings, the three factors of TPB have a significant impact on users' pro-sustainability intentions. Both sustainable knowledge and social cues play mediating roles in such relationships. Practical implications: This study advocates that eco-gamification can be used as a platform to modify tourists’ pro-sustainability intentions in emerging tourism and technology destinations such as Egypt. Hence, this study offers significant information to tourism planners and other stakeholders on tourists’ behavioural intentions. Originality/value: This study examined the effectiveness of an integrated model of TAM and TBP in predicting tourists’ intentions to use eco-gamification to improve the sustainability of tourist destinations. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited. Tourism can bring economic development and social benefits to cities. At present, global tourism is the leading urban tourism development model in China, and there is a growing tendency to use global tourism demonstration cities as models for urban tourism development; however, existing research has mostly focused on the theoretical level, and it is unclear whether such cities achieve sustainable development on a realistic level. This study selected the first demonstration cities of global tourism in China and conducted a coupling analysis using multi-source big data, clustering algorithm models, regional tourism flow distribution characteristics, etc., to explore whether the model cities meet development requirements. The following findings can be drawn from the analysis results. Firstly, the clustering algorithm coupled model study can provide a more accurate assessment of the current situation of regional tourism compared to the thermal values; secondly, the selected cities did not meet the development requirements of sustainable tourism and are in urgent need of improvement. The overarching contribution of this study is to propose a quantitative and replicable framework for urban tourism evaluation, combining spatial big data, computer algorithmic models and urban economics, etc.; this study also extends the interpretation of global tourism cities, reminds scholars, urban planners and urban tourism managers not to underestimate the possible tourism-related unsustainability of global tourism cities, and provides theoretical support for future tourism construction and urban planning development in China. © 2022 by the authors. International travelers had to quarantine upon arrival at a designated hotel in Indonesia during the pandemic to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. This study aims to investigate the hotel quarantine program in Indonesia from management perspectives in crisis circumstances. A qualitative methodology was applied with data triangulation collected from 11 top-level managers, operations, and management from official quarantine hotels in the second quarter of 2022. In-depth interviews were conducted to explore the antecedents behind hotel management and evaluate the repatriation quarantine program through the crisis management lens framework. The findings enhance the concept of crisis management framework in a particular program employed during a pandemic. Three related phases emerged from data analysis in crisis prevention and planning, strategic implementation, and evaluation were discussed. This study reveals the suggestions for hotel managers and the government for a future sustainable strategy. This study is the first paper to address the hotel quarantine program evaluation in Indonesia. This study contributes to enriching the hotel industry's crisis management framework. Pertinent recommendations for hotel management and government are provided to cope with this crisis. © 2023 Editura Universitatii din Oradea. All rights reserved. Smart villages have become a concern for governments, private sectors and Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs) in various countries as a solution in overcoming poverty. This research is focus on strengthening the Information and Communication Technology (ICT) level, especially the concept of agriculture big data analytic (ABDA)-based smart villages. Systematic Literature Review (SLR) of ABDA-based smart villages is carried out through descriptive analysis (single and cross attributes as well as a hierarchy of attributes and research domains) and cluster analysis (word frequency analysis) using NVivo 12 Plus software. SLR is not only carried out on smart village papers but including the cluster analysis integrated with documents related to citizen science. Most of the previous authors applied model or concept construction method, but there is lack of implementation and comprehensive analysis of the smart village system. The previous articles were dominated by automation and big data analytic (BDA) for Climate Smart Agriculture (CSA), but lack of application about ABDA post-harvest activities. The contribution of this research showed the confirmation of the structure of the smart village success variables (technology, community, resources, and services/sustainability) and seven future research agendas of smart village based on ABDA. The seven smart village future research agendas are: Decision Support System-Geographic Information System (DSS-GIS) based smart governance; ABDA-based smart economy; BDA-based smart mobility; BDA-based smart environment; smart people based on non-formal e-learning education, simulation, Augmented Reality (AR), Virtual Reality (VR) and Mix Reality (MR); DSS-GIS-IoT based smart living and DSS-GIS-based smart tourism. © 2022 DAV College. All rights reserved. Background: The re-emergence of yellow fever poses a serious public health risk to unimmunized communities in the tropical regions of Africa and South America and unvaccinated travelers visiting these regions. This risk is further accentuated by the likely spread of the virus to areas with potential for yellow fever transmission such as in Asia, Europe, and North America. To mitigate this risk, surveillance of yellow fever is pivotal. We performed an analysis of laboratory-based surveillance of yellow fever suspected cases in Cameroon during 2010–2020 to characterize the epidemiology of yellow fever cases and define health districts at high risk. Method: We reviewed IgM capture ELISA and plaque reduction neutralization test (PRNT) test results of all suspected yellow fever patients analyzed at Centre Pasteur of Cameroon, the national yellow fever testing laboratory, during 2010–2020. Results: Of the 20,261 yellow fever suspected patient’s samples that were tested, yellow fever IgM antibodies were detected in 360 patients representing an annual average of 33 cases/year. A major increase in YF IgM positive cases was observed in 2015 and in 2016 followed by a decrease in cases to below pre-2015 levels. The majority of the 2015 cases occurred during the latter part of the year while those in 2016, occurred between February and May. This trend may be due to an increase in transmission that began in late 2015 and continued to early 2016 or due to two separate transmission events. In 2016, where the highest number of cases were detected, 60 health districts in the 10 regions of Cameroon were affected with the Littoral, Northwest and, Far North regions being the most affected. After 2016, the number of detected yellow fever IgM positive cases dropped. Conclusion: Our study shows that yellow fever transmission continues to persist and seems to be occurring all over Cameroon with all 10 regions under surveillance reporting a case. Preventive measures such as mass vaccination campaigns and routine childhood immunizations are urgently needed to increase population immunity. The diagnostic limitations in our analysis highlight the need to strengthen laboratory capacity and improve case investigations. © 2022, The Author(s). Equal distribution of benefits in tourism has always been a complicated matter. It is compounded by the fact that communities are never homogenous. The COVID-19 pandemic has changed many aspects of tourism, including how tourism’s benefits are perceived and distributed. The pandemic shifted the focus on tourism from ensuring maximum revenues and high tourist arrivals to managing negative impacts associated with over-tourism. Most literatures on income distribution and sustainable development need to be understood holistically. This study conducted a secondary data analysis of literature on tourism between 2020 and 2021. The study analysed survey reports from South Africa’s National Department of Tourism, Statistics South Africa and other relevant sources. It explored how researchers perceive COVID-19 and equal distribution of tourism benefits, considering sustainability perspectives. The study found that the tourism sector’s resilience, flexibility, collaboration and co-creation are important for survival. It recommends that the private sector utilise different types of resources to help local communities lift themselves from poverty. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2023. With increasing globalization and consumerism, heritage tourism has contributed to local economic development, while over-tourism may have impeded experienced locality by residents and facilitated cultural alienation. To compensate for the dearth of cross-case comparisons and spatial quantifications using big data of existing research, this study constructed an enriched framework of space production theory integrating historic-sociological analysis and spatial analysis to connect the process and outcomes of consumer space reproduction in historic districts in Old Beijing City. Following a historical analysis of social interrelationships in the consumer space reproduction process, binary consumer spaces, namely tourist- and resident-oriented, were distinguished based on points of interest. Case studies were adopted to reveal the heterogeneity of consumer space reproduction in touristification with the aim of addressing the current lack of case individuality in spatial and social analysis. The results reveal that (1) since the 1990s, multiple social forces with varying and interdependently influential perspectives on historic districts have combined to reshape consumer spaces in historic districts. (2) Capital and authority have dominated the touristification process, but residents’ spatial power has been declining. (3) Although the old city is in danger of over-consumerism and cultural alienation, individual differences in spatial reproduction suggest multiple possibilities in terms of development models and reveal policy implications for sustainable heritage tourism. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Historic blocks are valuable architectural and landscape heritage, and it is important to explore the distribution characteristics of tourists to historic blocks and their landscape preferences to realize the scientific construction and conservation of historic blocks and promote their sustainable development. At present, few studies combine the analysis of tourist distribution characteristics with landscape preferences. This study takes the historic block of Three Lanes and Seven Alleys in Fuzhou as an example, combines field research and questionnaires to construct a landscape preference evaluation indicator system for the historic block, measures the distribution characteristics of tourists in the block through the heat value of tourist flow obtained from the Tencent regional heat map, and analyses the influence of landscape preference indicators on the heat value of tourist flow in the block through stepwise multiple linear regression. The research shows that: (1) the spatial and temporal variation in the heat value of tourist flow tends to be consistent throughout the block, from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m., showing a “rising, slightly fluctuating and then stabilizing” state, both on weekdays and on weekends. (2) The factors influencing the heat value of tourist flow in the different spatial samples are various, with commercial atmosphere, plant landscape, accessibility of the road space, architecture, and the surrounding environment having a significant impact on the heat value of tourist flow. Based on the analysis of the landscape preferences of tourists in the historic block, a landscape optimization strategy is proposed to provide a reference for the management and construction of the block. © 2022 by the authors. Considering the long-term growth of tourism, the environmental impact of aesthetic waste is necessary to manage sustainably. However, the current municipal solid waste management (MSWM) mostly lacks capacity and excludes the relevant stakeholders to involve tourism waste management comprehensively. Synergy was recruited as an important mechanism for enhancing the current MSWM, which had never been applied previously. Also, the private sector (accommodation and trades) and people sector (residents and tourists) were included in the multi-stakeholder approach for an effective MSWM study. Thus, this study aims to explore the stakeholders of the public sector and relevant stakeholders in beach recreation to find the synergistic opportunities for enhancing MSWM in the eastern region of Thailand. Primary data was gathered by semi-structured interviews and questionnaire surveys, as part of a mixed-methods methodology. Descriptive statistics, chi-square testing, regression, and content analysis were applied for data analysis. The finding shows that, in addition to the challenging, potential, and cross-sector synergy identified in the literature, this study discovered synergistic opportunities with other types of partnership specifically. To shed light on synergy and multi-stakeholder studies, the benefits derived and ecosystem must be indicated to stimulate partnership and enhance the MSWM in coastal tourism destination sustainability. © 2022 The Authors The COVID-19 has changed people’s lifestyle from many aspects such as the way people commute and their attention to health and fitness, and environmental problems. This report is to understand how residents in Shanghai commute with difficulties and the environmental sustainability challenges and health issues in the post-pandemic rehabilitation background. Taking educational institution in Shanghai as example, this study applied big data techniques with kernel density, Ripley’s K(d) function and 2SFCA analysis to identify the spatial characteristics and accessibility of different institution types under different travel modes such as walking. The results show that the distribution is extremely uneven in Shanghai, area with extreme concentration is observed. In case of educational workplace, although the proportion of street-town with moderate or higher accessibility reached 74.34%, such proportion is only 41.01% for walking mode. Current planning has skewed commuting around educational sites towards more carbon-intensive travel patterns and not conducive for keeping fit and health. Besides, households located in the districts of Chongming, Qingpu and Jinshan commute much longer than those in other regions. Long commute time and less exercise may lead to the wider spread of disease and it’s harmful to residents’ health and sustainable living. In summary, the findings of this paper regarding commuting to educational sites provide a clearer understanding of the health and sustainability challenges for policymakers. Copyright © 2022 Shen. Purpose: Consumer's environmental awareness and friendliness have been growing, and consumers are increasingly concerned about the impact of hotel operations on the environment. This study evaluated the effect of green practices on the customer's green word-of-mouth (GWOM) intention for hotels with environment-friendly operations. Design/methodology/approach: The data have been collected from tourists by using the judgmental sampling technique, and a usable sample size of 257 respondents has been achieved. The data analysis has been performed using partial least squares-structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM). Findings: There is a strong relationship between green practices adopted by hotels and the green image of hotels. This study also found that the green image of a hotel positively impacts consumer green satisfaction and green trust, and these two variables have significant influence over the GWOM. Practical implications: The study can be helpful in the promotion of environmentally sustainable consumer behavior in response to a stimulus being generated by the marketers and policymakers. Social implications: This study will further help society to share and discuss favorable information about environmental sustainability through GWOM. Originality/value: The study investigated the effect of green hotels on GWOM approximately after one year of the COVID-19 outbreak. Hence, the results can ascertain to be the basis of the new policies of the hotels in post-COVID world. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited. A country's economic development relies on different features such as export/import, industrial processes, and tourism. Rural tourism is a discussion-centric research field for analyzing its contribution to a country's economic growth. This field generates voluptuous data for tourists, expenditure, location, etc. analysis; the information increases over the years and the density of visiting tourists. Therefore, this article introduces an optimized reinforcement data analysis approach (ORDAA) for generating precise guidance information. This information is two-faced, namely, summarized data for tourist guidance and summarized data for the country's economic development. Data augmentation's steep rise and downfall are analyzed using reinforcement learning, wherein decision agents are precise for a relevant summary. The relevance is identified using associated development targets over varying years. Besides, the guidance information that identifies low tourist summary or nonachievable development targets is separately identified. The identified targets are analyzed using reinforcement agents for economic growth improvements compared to the previous tourist densities. This improves the focus on rural tourism sights and economic contributions to an optimal level.  © 2023 Guofang Chen. This study investigates the relationship between travelers’ generativity, prosocial attitudes, consumption values, and food waste avoidance behavior. We develop a theoretical model based on the motivation-opportunity-ability theory and tested it using data collected from a sample of Generation Z (n = 389) and older travelers (n = 262) to Delhi, India. Partial-least-squares structural equation model analysis is used as the data analytic tool. The findings indicate that Generation Z travelers report a higher level of generative concerns, prosocial attitudes, and green consumption values, and are more likely to engage in food waste avoidance behavior than older travelers. Generativity and prosocial attitudes are significantly associated with food waste avoidance behavior for Generation Z travelers only. The relationship between consumption values and food waste avoidance behavior is significant for both samples of travelers. Prosocial attitudes and consumption values mediate the relationship between generativity and food waste avoidance behavior. We present the theoretical, practical, and limitations of the study. © 2023 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Purpose: Textile and contemporary apparel manufacturers are adopting and integrating cutting-edge technologies to reduce their impact on the environment and gain an advantage in the marketplace. Most previous studies have ignored business intelligence systems (BIS), notably in the textile and apparel industry (T&A), in favor of looking at the larger picture of how big data would affect retail and distribution in a company. This is especially true for the T&As. Design/methodology/approach: The authors report that they conducted 14 semi-structured interviews with 12 international luxury tourism service providers. In this case, researchers use snowball features and systematic techniques to select participants. A qualitative content analysis strategy is used to capture the focus of the interviews. Findings: Problems with T&A company sustainability, opportunities to increase value creation via use of industry-leading business intelligence (BI) solutions and perceived roadblocks to BIS adoption were all found by the poll. Garment retail and distribution sector has benefited greatly from the increased use of Industry 4.0 technologies, especially those that provide better BI solutions. Determine the extent to which industry participation slows down or speeds up the process. The Company Information System (BIS) will help convince non-tech-savvy business owners of the financial, economic and environmental benefits of adopting certain technologies developed as part of the industry 4.0 movement. Research limitations/implications: The authors of this research claim theirs is one of the first to investigate what variables affect the uptake of BIS, ultimately hoping to find out how BIS may be used by T&A businesses to tackle environmental issues through the use of Industry 4.0 technologies. The purpose of this study was to see whether BIS might aid T&A firms with their sustainability issues. Practical implications: In the last several years, there has been a meteoric rise in interest in big data and business analytics among firms and educational institutions alike. This paper tries to introduce readers to the concept of business analytics in a way that is both academic and accessible, considering both the present and future of the field. This paper begins with a quick introduction, followed by a summary of the three distinct forms of predictive modeling discussed. Originality/value: In an effort to help aspiring analytics professionals, they have identified, categorized and evaluated the nine distinct players that are now active in the analytics market. Following this, they will provide a high-level summary of the many different research projects currently being worked on by their group. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited. Handbook of Mobility Data Mining: Volume Three: Mobility Data-Driven Applications introduces the fundamental technologies of mobile big data mining (MDM), advanced AI methods, and upper-level applications, helping readers comprehensively understand MDM with a bottom-up approach. The book explains how to preprocess mobile big data, visualize urban mobility, simulate and predict human travel behavior, and assess urban mobility characteristics and their matching performance as conditions and constraints in transport, emergency management, and sustainability development systems. The book contains crucial information for researchers, engineers, operators, administrators, and policymakers seeking greater understanding of current technologies' infra-knowledge structure and limitations. The book introduces how to design MDM platforms that adapt to the evolving mobility environment—and new types of transportation and users—based on an integrated solution that utilizes sensing and communication capabilities to tackle significant challenges faced by the MDM field. This third volume looks at various cases studies to illustrate and explore the methods introduced in the first two volumes, covering topics such as Intelligent Transportation Management, Smart Emergency Management—detailing cases such as the Fukushima earthquake, Hurricane Katrina, and COVID-19—and Urban Sustainability Development, covering bicycle and railway travel behavior, mobility inequality, and road and light pollution inequality.  © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. The digital technologies introduced in recent years have transformed consumption practices, particularly in the tourism industry, which is currently struggling to survive during the coronavirus pandemic. The objective of this paper is to develop an academic structure to identify the impact of business innovation practices on performance and firm survival strategies, and to understand what new technologies are being used to mitigate the pandemic’s impact and to establish innovative practices that lead to sustainable business performance. Given the dynamic nature of the subject area, both quantitative and qualitative approaches have been adopted. Firstly, the paper employs a three-round Delphi survey with 15 senior executives of Taiwanese leisure tourism–related industries to develop measurement techniques. Secondly, based on the Delphi survey’s results, the study utilizes document analysis of website content and case documents of Asia’s leading online travel agencies (OTAs) during the pandemic. The results demonstrate that the business model of OTAs is to fill the gap in the free travel market with live-stream conferences that offer information quality and innovation practices that are more flexible, down-to-earth, and content marketing–oriented than traditional travel agencies. Furthermore, OTAs can strategically and financially ally themselves with suitable partners when facing major crises to strengthen their competitive advantage and create survival opportunities. Finally, AR/VR, AI, and big data (digital transformation) are integrated into daily operations to enhance service quality, close information gaps, increase the sense of travel security, and promote the decentralization of the travel industry. The research has practical implications for travel agency managers and policymakers, and the paper concludes by discussing challenges and future directions. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature. Improving culture and tourism integration efficiency is an important way to promote the high-quality development of cultural tourism. According to the inherent requirements of high-quality development, this paper constructed an evaluation indicator system for culture and tourism integration efficiency. Then, the culture and tourism integration efficiency of 16 cities in Shandong Province, China during the period from 2010 to 2019 was measured with the benevolent DEA cross-efficiency model. On the basis of exploratory spatial data analysis and dynamic spatial Durbin model, we explored the spatio-temporal evolution characteristics and influencing factors of culture and tourism integration efficiency in Shandong Province. The results show that from 2010 to 2019, the culture and tourism integration efficiency in Shandong Province has experienced three stages of "rapid growth-rapid decline-stable rise period". The spatial pattern has changed from "high in the east and low in the west" to "high in the central and low in the north and south", and regions with high integration efficiency are mainly concentrated in Jiaodong Peninsula. The level of economic development significantly promotes the culture and tourism integration efficiency in local and neighboring cities in the short and long term, while policy environment has a significant negative impact. Traffic conditions and human capital only promote the culture and tourism integration efficiency in local cities. The level of information development and openness degree only have a long-term effect on the culture and tourism integration efficiency, without short-term effect. The research results are of great significance to improve the growth quality and sustainable development of cultural tourism in Shandong Province. Our work could provide a scientific basis for maximizing the allocation benefits of cultural and tourism resources in similar regions in the world. © 2022 Lu et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited. The proceedings contain 88 papers. The special focus in this conference is on International Association of Cultural and Digital Tourism. The topics include: Experience Tourism as a Smart and Sustainable Form of Tourism in the Twenty-First Century; the Needs of the Hospitality Industry in Its Transition to the Circular Economy; internal Sustainability Reporting in the Hotel Industry; food Tourism Sustainability in Portugal: A Systematic Literature Review; scientific Narratives on Creative Tourism: A Theoretical Framework; exploring the Role of Technology in Adventure Tourism; dynamic Areas of Interest Inside an Urban Destination Using Visitors’ Geolocation; towards a Framework for Participative Innovation in Tourism; perspectives of Sustainable Tourism Development in the Region – Case Study; a Conceptual Framework for Applying Social Signal Processing to Neuro-Tourism; applying Big Data Technologies in Tourism Industry: A Conceptual Analysis; integration of Blockchain Technology in Tourism Industry: Opportunities and Challenges; application of Importance–Performance Analysis in Determining Critical Smart Hotel Technology Amenities: An Examination of Customer Intentions; implementation of Digital Marketing Techniques in Smart Tourism; the Trade Fair Industry in Transition: Digital, Physical and Hybrid Trade Fairs. The Case of Thessaloniki; role of Instagram Influencers on Destination Image: A Netnographic Study; gamification and Storytelling Enhancing Successful Wine and Food Tourism Products; a Review of Destination Personality Literature: Focus on Articles Published in the Last Decade (2013–2022); agritourism: A Lever for the Development of the Greek Countryside. The Case of Nymphaeum of Florina/Greece; environmental Sustainability Application in Athenian Hotels; predicting the Impact of Cruise Ships on Island Destinations. Sustainable consumption and production strive for the rational management of natural resources, which implies a transition to the production of fewer goods with the greatest consumer value. Consequently, the consumer value assessment is a key task in the product and service design. However, a large number of applied practices for assessing consumer value is a challenge for researchers. Multiple heterogeneous solutions without a common classification and structure do not allow comparing methods with each other. Thus, there is a demand for some universal algorithm for assessing consumer value, which would be a model for the development of individual industry practices. Therefore, the present research aims to develop a universal algorithm for assessing consumer value, which is a unified sample. The work analyzes the current expertise in assessing consumer value. The paper provides a comparison of mathematical tools for aggregate indicators in order to develop a general formula for assessing consumer value. As a result, an algorithm for assessing consumer value has been developed, which includes the following stages: market segmentation by consumer groups, taking into account their personal characteristics and needs; product hierarchical division into groups according to indicators valuable to the consumer; selection of a scale for evaluating indicators; hierarchical convolution, calculation of the consumer value of selected indicators and their aggregation into a final assessment in accordance with coefficients obtained as a result of the initial data analysis. As part of the algorithm verification, an example of the implementation of the algorithm steps based on expert assessment of the tourist product characteristics is proposed. At the next stage of the study, a register of mathematical tools will be specified to ensure the implementation of the algorithm steps, and practical testing on real data on several products from different industries. © 2023 by the authors. The development of ecotourism has increased the importance of research on the factors affecting tourist satisfaction with the quality of ecotourism destinations. The present study assessed these effective factors in Bisheh waterfall, Iran. The sample taken electronically included 300 questionnaires. For data analysis, factor analysis and the stepwise multiple regression method were used. The results show that feeling safe and secure in the area was recognized as the most essential efficient factor in satisfaction with a positive and significant effect. Then, infrastructure and welfare facilities, travel expenses, quality of food and snacks, tourist accommodation guidance and management, destination access, the natural beauty of the area, and hospitality were also in the following ranks of importance, respectively. Based on the coefficient of determination (R 2), 40.1% of the variation in the overall satisfaction of tourists was explained by the eight factors. This study provided suggestions for better planning for tourist satisfaction by considering the environmental sensitivities of ecotourism sites. Finally, the present research revealed the importance of maintaining the balance between tourist satisfaction and sustainable development in ecotourism destinations. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V. This study examines the impact of tourists’ perceptions of a destination’s sustainability on their satisfaction and revisit intention. Specifically, perceived sustainability of a destination is measured employing five indicators of sustainability dimensions: economic, environmental, socio-cultural, political, and technology. Furthermore, this study analyses the mediating role of satisfaction between perceived destination sustainability and revisit intention. The investigation collected 362 completed questionnaires from local and international tourists who visited Kuala Lumpur. The proposed model was tested, and the data analysed using partial least squares – structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM). The results of the PLS-SEM indicated that socio-cultural and technological sustainability, directly and indirectly, impacts tourists’ satisfaction and revisit intention. However, the other three dimensions, i.e. economic, environmental, and political, had insignificant effects on satisfaction and revisit intention, thus prompting further examination. Overall, this study expands upon extant knowledge by attempting to theoretically explain these effects using a cognitive–affective-conative model and explicates the mediating role of overall satisfaction on revisit intention. The results provide practical implications for destination management organisations, tourism managers, planners, and policymakers to develop more effective strategies and improve the quality of tourism services. © 2023 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. The urban renewal of older districts usually has a significant impact on the sense of place and identity. However, a systematic post-renewal evaluation of older districts with cultural resources based on multi public satisfaction is still lacking. This study takes Nantou Ancient City in Shenzhen, an urbanized village with rich historical and cultural resources, as an example; this study introduces the multi public, including the residents, merchants and tourists, as the evaluation subject. By establishing an evaluation system suitable for the characteristics of Nantou Ancient City, this study explores the existing problems of renewal and transformation, summarizes experiences and lessons and provides a basis for the sustainable development of Nantou Ancient City and the organic renewal of urbanized villages in Shenzhen. First of all, on the basis of combing the existing community renewal evaluation system, especially the satisfaction evaluation and the research on the historical value of the urbanized villages, the historical and cultural value and the renewal and transformation process of Nantou Ancient City are introduced, and the multiple values of Nantou Ancient City are clarified. Secondly, the demand contradiction between the public group and the core stakeholders is analyzed, as well as the internal demand and difference of the public group. After that, combined with field research, literature analysis and network review data analysis, the post-renovation evaluation system of Nantou Ancient City is constructed in terms of six aspects: residential environment, supporting facilities, street space, history and culture, economy, commerce and social culture. Then, the questionnaire is designed for three different groups of residents, merchants and tourists, and the evaluation system is applied to Nantou Ancient City for empirical research. By means of mean analysis, variance analysis and IPA analysis, the similarities and differences of the evaluation of different public groups are compared, which is taken as the basis for summarizing the existing problems in the renovation of Nantou Ancient City, and optimization suggestions are put forward. © 2023 by the authors. Bangsring underwater is a type of ecotourism where the main attractions are coral reef ecosystems and swimming with sharks. Management based on the idea of ecotourism has a positive effect on changes in coral reef areas. On the other hand, tourism activities can hurt coral reef ecosystems if tourists act in a destructive way. The purpose of this research is to evaluate the sustainability status (ecology, economy, social, technology, and law - Institutions aspects) of the Bangsring Underwater coral reef ecosystem, in Indonesia using the rapid appraisal for fisheries (Rapfish). The sampling technique used purposive sampling with MDS Rapecotourism data analysis. Bangsring underwater offers tourist attractions in the form of floating houses, swimming with sharks, snorkeling, diving, planting coral reefs, and feeding fish. The evaluation value of sustainability in the quite sustainable category is the social dimension of 67.08%, with priorities that can be considered for increasing the sustainability of the social dimension being the role of the community in the form of participation in ecotourism management. Meanwhile, the multidimensional evaluation of sustainability yields a value of 76.48% in the sustainable category. This indicates that ecological conditions and law enforcement efforts to protect the sustainability of coral reef ecosystems are going well. Bangsring underwater ecotourism development takes into account ecological sustainability and provides economic opportunities for the community. © 2023 Editura Universitatii din Oradea. All rights reserved. Traditional architecture in rural areas plays a significant role in preserving cultural identity of nations. It represents a unique approach to manifesting traditional ways of living within specific natural environments. In this context, this study provides an insightful overview of Zovik, a mountain village in North Macedonia located in a splendid natural environment. Despite being vastly neglected and experiencing a significant decrease in the population over the years, the village has recently gained interest as a location for various forms of adventure tourism. This research utilizes an exploratory sequential design conducted in two phases. The first phase involved collecting qualitative data through a thorough document review, while the second phase encompassed qualitative data analysis, incorporating critical analysis and evaluative judgement. The strength of this research lies in its analysis of the possibilities for adapting traditional architecture to promote rural prosperity and stimulate economic development through tourism. However, its weakness is that it focuses solely on a specific case study, which may limit its general applicability. The findings of this research propose innovative approaches to revitalize the village by leveraging its traditional architecture. These approaches emphasize the importance of preserving cultural identity, attracting tourists, and promoting sustainable practices. © (2023), All Rights Reserved. The proceedings contain 16 papers. The topics discussed include: Shuttles &#x00026; Co: influencing autonomous shuttle buses using V2X communication; big data in smart transportation planning: towards an applicable smart socio-economic transportation platform in historical mega cities; algorithm for planning faster routes in urban networks with time-dependent arcs and the possibility of introducing waiting periods at nodes; sustainable mobility, transit-oriented development, and travel behavior: a travel pattern analysis; concept of accessibility in sustainable transport: criteria and perspectives; landuse planning for electric vehicle infrastructure; urban transport infrastructure for people with disabilities in the city of Tshwane, South Africa: an observation audit; evaluating the accessibility of a sustainable city: case study of Masdar City, UAE; and methodology framework for prioritization of renewable energy sources in port areas. The sustainable development of tourism is essential for revitalizing historically and culturally significant ancient villages in China. Despite the longstanding recognition of the relationship between the spatial distribution of village destinations and their sustainable development, there is a dearth of longitudinal studies in village tourism. Using the geographic information system (GIS) spatial analysis method and the exploratory spatial data analysis model, this study explored the spatial-temporal features of ancient village tourism over three important time nodes of rural tourism development (in Zhejiang, China), as well as the contributing factors at both the provincial and prefectural city levels. The findings of this study suggested a spatial inequality in the distribution of ancient villages, in terms of tourism development over time. In particular, tourism development was clustered in the southern region, with a noticeable spillover effect. Meanwhile, transportation, source markets, and physical topography are essential factors contributing to this spatial distribution. The study contributes to ancient village tourism development literature and offers meaningful, practical implications for regional governments and business investors. © 2022 by the authors. Purpose: Drawing on empirical research conducted in London and Paris between July 2020 and June 2021, this paper explores whether these two global metropolises may be able to take the COVID-19 crisis as an opportunity to develop more sustainable forms of urban tourism. More specifically, this study aims to analyse whether new forms of localised tourism have developed as a result of the pandemic, how these have been nurtured and encouraged by the tourism industry in these two cities and the implications of these trends for the sustainable development of tourism in these two cities. Design/methodology/approach: A combination of research methods was used: an online Delphi method, followed by in-depth one-to-one interviews with selected stakeholders and complemented by the analysis of media articles, policy documents and secondary data. Findings: The qualitative data analysis highlights some key findings: tourism sustainability gained new importance after the pandemic; however, the crisis did not bring the sustainable revolution some stakeholders wished or expected. Nonetheless, in both cities, tourism marketing adopted a new “hyper-local” approach with the objective of encouraging proximity tourism and involving local residents more; thus, pointing to the need to review traditional definitions of the (urban) tourist. Originality/value: Although the blurring between tourism and every day in cities has been widely discussed in tourism theory, this paper provides empirical evidence from two world tourism cities, showing some of the wider, practical implications of these theoretical debates for industry and policymaking in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. © 2022, International Tourism Studies Association. In the age of big data, social media’s influence on on-site landscape experiences is growing, and the relationship between on- and off-site landscape planning and management is becoming more important. The study’s objectives were: 1) to identify scenic hotspots based on on-site visitor experiences, 2) clarify landscape preferences and attractiveness based on photographs taken at scenic hotspots, and 3) examine similarities and differences between Japanese and Korean visitors in terms of landscape preferences and attractiveness. The data were collected using geotagged visitor employed photography from 153 visitors to the Takao Quasi-National Park in Japan were used to understand off-site appreciation, and compare Japanese and Korean visitors’ experiences. Photo-based questionnaires were completed by 42 Japanese and 40 Korean respondents. We collected 1,645 geotagged photographs, and performed a GIS analysis with network-based kernel density estimation to identify scenic hotspots. The data extracted from the photo-based questionnaire were used to analyze the relationship between on-site and off-site experiences, as well as similarities and differences between the Japanese and Korean participants. The data were analyzed using means, Welch’s t-test, Wilcoxon sum-rank test, Pearson’s correlation analysis, and Kendall’s correlation analysis. The results identified nine scenic hotspots, and revealed that the photographs that the Japanese visitors preferred to take would not necessarily attract tourists, nor were they the same as the scenic spots and objects the Korean visitors found attractive. As international tourism expands, cross-cultural research on on- and off-site experiences and preferences has become increasingly important for forest landscape management and sustainable tourism. © 2023 The Japanese Forest Society. While research into tourism and accessibility has significantly advanced over the past decade, the perceived image of Accessible Tourism Destinations (ATDs) has remained largely unexplored. This study addresses this gap by examining the perceived image of Aveiro (Portugal) and A Coruña (Spain) as exemplars of ATDs. In this investigation, we scrutinized 1,051 Online Travellers Reviews (OTRs) posted between 2016 to 2023 in Google Maps. We employed content analysis and text mining techniques using the RapidMiner software. The findings reveal a correlation between accessibility conditions and visitors’ satisfaction. Common concerns among travellers include the availability of parking spaces and adaptations for people with disabilities (PwD). Areas identified for improvement encompass information provision and signage. Further investigation is recommended to understand the factors influencing the increase in positive sentiments in Aveiro during the COVID-19 pandemic. This research presents a strategic framework for Destination Management Organisations (DMOs) to enhance the quality of the tourism offer while showcasing the potential of data mining within this field. © 2023 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. The mangrove ecosystem in the Teluk Pandan coastal area, Pesawaran District, Lampung Province, Indonesia, is part of the mega-biodiversity of mangroves in Indonesia. Specifically, the mangrove in this region has changed due to tourism, aquaculture, settlement activities and coastal abrasion. This study aimed to assess the changes in density level and area change of the mangrove forests at five coastal villages in Teluk Pandan during the period of community management from 2010 to 2020. The effort and success of the rehabilitation were reported in this study can be useful as a consideration of sustainable management of mangrove ecosystem both in Lampung and in other areas in Indonesia. Mangrove area was estimated through field surveys and data processing of satellite imagery from Landsat 5 in 2010 and Landsat 8 in 2020. The mangrove density level and area change were calculated by layering images of mangrove distribution from different years. The classification of mangrove density was determined based on the NDVI value. Satellite imagery was compared with field data collected from 20 observation points at five villages to ensure the density level and interpretation accuracy. Image data analysis showed the changes in mangrove area from 109.80 ha in 2010, an increase of 16.39% to 127.80 ha in 2020. The area of mangrove forest in the rare category decreased by 49.35%, the moderate category increased by 39.13%, and the dense category increased by 109.71%. The study confirmed the successful effort to manage and preserve mangroves in Teluk Pandan Sub-district. Eventually, community-based mangrove management (CBMM) and cross-sectoral and multi-stakeholder management (co-management) has become the core strategy in the successful management of mangrove at five coastal villages in Teluk Pandan Sub-district. © 2023, Society for Indonesian Biodiversity. All rights reserved. Recent advancements in big data, algorithms, and computing power have triggered significant enhancements in artificial intelligence (AI). Almost every aspect of travel and tourism is currently impacted by AI, which can be evidenced in a variety of applications including robots, conversational systems, smart travel agents, prediction and forecasting systems, voice recognition, and natural language processing. In this article, we examine how AI has altered and continues to alter the key operations and processes in the tourism industry, with special emphasis on sustainability. After applying the PRISMA framework to guide our search process, the study identified 69 relevant articles published between January 1, 2018, and November 1, 2022. The mapping results revealed that the field is expanding quickly, despite the noted obstacles and challenges. We identified several factors and challenges that should be considered in order to advance the level of research and development in this area. Among these factors, we emphasize the importance and the need for standardized and multimodal datasets, transformer-based and more advanced representation techniques, and standardized performance evaluation metrics for AI models. Also, based on these challenges, some recommendations are provided, and future research directions are identified. © 2023 IEEE. This paper aims to provide to all entities involved in Lisbon tourism activities a geospatial, statistical, and longitudinal analysis tool based on data provided by a mobile operator in cooperation with Lisbon City council, which allows obtaining knowledge about the behaviors and habits of tourists and visitors of the city. The main intention is to provide information that allows decision-makers to base their choices on real data and facts instead of empirical knowledge and non-sustained information The work was mainly developed in three distinct phases. On the first phase, it was necessary to create knowledge about the tourism business and understand the available data to understand whether they would be able to answer our questions. In the next phase, the dataset was prepared and adapted to our needs - the data given to us had information regarding both mobile phones belonging to Portuguese and foreign users. Considering that our focus was on second group, part of the information was discarded. Through the work developed, it was possible to identify which countries and geographical areas come from Lisbon’s tourists and visitors. Additionally, we were able to identify, through the available data, the most visited places, and parishes in the city, as well as the place where they eat and sleep when they are in the city. It was also possible to characterize how events such as the Web Summit or a football game influence the behavior and movements of visitors in Lisbon. The analyses and information provided were duly validated by specialists from the Lisbon Municipal Council, through presentations and questionnaires to decision-makers and users of the developed solution. © 2023, ICST Institute for Computer Sciences, Social Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering. In recent decades, traffic congestion has had a central place on the transportation agenda in the City of Buenos Aires. Despite imposing works that benefited -in the short term- the traffic flow, traffic jams are persistent, and the phenomenon has even spread beyond the city center, reaching different points of the suburbs. The mere fact of traveling with a telephone throughout a city generates endless data that can be collected and analyzed to make investment or public policy decisions. In this work, the cost represented by the existence of congestion in Buenos Aires will be estimated and studied through a characterization approach of the variables, thoroughly investigating its causes and its consequences using programming tools and emphasizing the importance of Big Data in building a more sustainable city. Tentative public policies will also be proposed to mitigate the effects of congestion in the city, based on the data observed in the first instance and considering the new paradigm of smart cities, ecological infrastructure, and empowerment of public transport. © 2023 The Authors. Published by ELSEVIER B.V. The lack of a framework for agritourism development is contributing to underutilization of agricultural attractions for tourism purposes especially in developing countries. This study therefore sought to develop a framework for sustainable agritourism in Zimbabwe. The development of the framework was guided by the critical success factor (CSF) framework, the stakeholder theory and the triple bottom line approach. To develop the framework, a multiple case study design was adopted. Two case studies, Manicaland and Mashonaland West, were chosen. In-depth interviews were conducted with 59 stakeholders who were purposively selected from the Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Fisheries and Rural Resettlement, Zimbabwe Tourism Authority, tour operators and from farmers. The interviews were conducted from October 2021 to June 2022. Thematic content analysis and NVivo 12 were used for data analysis. The study proposed a framework that illuminates three critical stages for sustainable agritourism development in Zimbabwe which are planning, development and implementation. The main guiding principles that were identified were environmental scanning for enablers, multi-stakeholder engagement, identification of potential farms that meet the requirements for agritourism and identification of CSFs at farm level. The relationships amongst these guiding principles were established. Providing guidelines for the development of this tourism concept can encourage farmers, policymakers and all other relevant stakeholders to develop necessary planning, development and implementation strategies that may result in successful and sustainable agritourism development. © 2023 The Author(s). This open access article is distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) 4.0 license. The large increase in the on-road vehicle population in China has raised sustainability concerns regarding air pollution prevention, energy conservation, and climate change mitigation. Vehicle emission inventory is an irreplaceable tool to characterize the temporal and spatial distribution of the air pollutant and provide guidance to the policy makers with effective vehicle emission controls. This review paper reviewed two kinds of typical vehicle emission inventories. The top-down vehicle emission inventories is calculated based on the static datasets (e.g., vehicle population, vehicle kilometer traveled, and fuel consumption). These inventories could track historical emissions abatement progress and examine potential benefits from future regulations. The technological evolution in intelligent transportation systems have facilitated emission inventories to satisfy the increasing sophisticated management demand. The bottom-up link-level vehicle emission inventories are development based on the availability of the real-world traffic profiles. To simulate the temporal and spatial patterns with high-resolution, traffic demand model and machine learning methods are employed to elucidate traffic emissions.  © 2022 EDP Sciences. All rights reserved. This study analyses the case of tourism entrepreneurs in the community of Cahuita who have implemented the use of WhatsApp as a means of formal communication for updating, training and sending important information on issues associated with their business. The objective is to present the adaptability of tourism entrepreneurs in the use of WhatsApp, in natural events that occurred in Cahuita during the period 2018-2022. The data analysed is extracted from 77 tourism entrepreneurs located in the community of Cahuita. The selection was made by assessing the constant participation in the different natural events that occurred in the area during the selected period. It was validated by reviewing the WhatsApp during that time and the intervention in the different natural phenomena that occurred. The results were community decisions before the institutions and other organisations involved in dealing with natural phenomena. It also served to support them in security aspects, negotiation with the Costa Rican Institute of Tourism in training, updates, sustainability certifications and the contingency of the pandemic produced by COVID 19 and post-COVID 19. © 2023 Universidad Compultense Madrid. All rights reserved. Purpose: Regardless of the diverse research on big data analytics (BDA) across different supply chains, little attention has been paid to exploit this information across service supply chains. The healthcare supply chains, where supply chain operations consume the second highest expenditures, have not completely attained the potential gains from data analytics. So, this paper explores the challenges of BDA at various levels of healthcare supply chains. Design/methodology/approach: Drawing on the resource-based view (RBV), this research explores the various challenges of big data at organizational and operational level of different nodes in healthcare supply chains. To demonstrate the links among supply chain nodes, the authors have used a supplier-input-process-output-customer (SIPOC) chart to list healthcare suppliers, inputs (such as employees) supplied and used by the main healthcare processes, outputs (products and services) of these processes, and customers (patients and community). Findings: Using thematic analysis, the authors were able to identify numerous challenges and commonalities among these challenges for the case of healthcare supply chains across United Arab Emirates (UAE). An applicable exploration on organizational (Socio-technical) and operational challenges to BDA can enable healthcare managers to acclimate efficient and effective strategies. Research limitations/implications: The identified common socio-technical and operational challenges could be verified, and their impacts on the sustainable performance of various supply chains should be explored using formal research methods. Practical implications: This research advances the body of literature on BDA in healthcare supply chains in that (1) it presents a structured approach for exploring the challenges from various stakeholders of healthcare chain; (2) it presents the most common challenges of big data across the chain and finally (3) it uses the context of UAE where government is focusing on medical tourism in the coming years. Originality/value: Originality of this work stems from the fact that most of the previous academic research in this area has focused on technology perspectives, a clear understanding of the managerial and strategic implications and challenges of big data is still missing in the literature. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited. Research shows a lack of information indicating how to incorporate all spheres of local economic development (LED). Government, business and community makes up this sphere and are involved in developing sustainable tourism practices. This study had the objective of determining whether there are any differences in opinion between the three spheres regarding the potential and challenges for tourism to support LED in a region, in this case, the Vaal Triangle in South Africa. A quantitative approach was followed, and data analysis included ANOVA and Tukey HSD to determine statistically significant differences between the three spheres. Only four factors reported a statistically significant difference. These were Location, Infrastructure, Natural and Cultural Sustainability and Cooperation. Copyright © 2023 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd. The 2030 agenda for Sustainable Development is transforming the world. Sustainable tourism options are the forwarding steps for achieving that agenda by providing environmentally, socially, and economically sound tourism options. An increasingly important technology i.e., Big Data Analytics (BDA) can significantly benefit sustainable tourism regarding tourist destination selection, enhanced tourism experiences, and satisfaction. In this regard, the authors reviewed the extensive literature on BDA in sustainable tourism, traced the evolving trends, characterized the gaps, and provided recommendations for future research. The authors shortlisted 187 articles for in-depth analyses. A comprehensive literature review was developed, and a bibliometric study and network analyses were performed to analyse the extent and nature of BDA usage in the sustainable tourism area. The bibliometric study and network analyses helped the authors document the evolution and trends in applying BDA in sustainable tourism. Based on the literature review, a future research framework was developed by integrating BDA in sustainable tourism. The framework helped in envisioning relevant directions for future research. The article helps tourists, the tourism industry, the travel industry, and the hotel and hospitality service providers to gain insights into the benefits of using BDA in sustainable tourism and adopt BDA concepts and tools in tourism to help ensure improved tourist satisfaction. © 2022 The Authors Increased global floating populations is an important driver of local social-ecological systems change, especially in ecologically fragile areas. However, the limitations of accurate data and specific methods have prevented the exploration of spatial visitation of floating populations and its risk of negative effects on fragile ecosystems. Here, we contribute to filling the knowledge gap in Tibet by adopting large-scale geolocation data and incorporating factors such as landscape aesthetic value, ecological vulnerability and traffic accessibility. We found that 89.97% of the digital footprints of floating populations in Tibet have entered nature areas with low density of resident population, and 40.57% of them have entered ecologically fragile areas, leading to increased ecological risks. Nature-based tourism is the main motive for floating populations to enter the ecologically fragile areas, accounting for 65.56%. The central government inadvertently exacerbated ecological risks by leading road construction, resulting in 64.62% of the ecological risks being located in areas with high traffic accessibility. The floating populations entering Tibet have the dual effects of promoting economic development and causing ecological risks. Therefore, it is urgent to put forward strategies to promote the sustainable development in Tibet based on the complex system of “nature-based tourism–ecological protection–economic income–government behavior”. Read the free Plain Language Summary for this article on the Journal blog. © 2023 The Authors. People and Nature published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Ecological Society. Understanding how Artificial Intelligence (AI) impacts organizational functions supports stakeholders to prepare accordingly and profit from these developments. Adopting a grounded theory approach, this study uses three interlinked stages (in-depth interviews, focus groups and a questionnaire-based survey) to explore the impact of AI on the marketing function of hotels. The results identify ten trends related to AI’s contribution to hotel marketing, clustered in four themes. AI reengineers internal processes and procedures by enabling data and content as catalysts of competitiveness; empowering the augmented worker and performing mass personalization and customization. AI also impacts relationships with stakeholders by determining return on investment; improving sustainability; and governing legal aspects and ethics regarding data use. AI supports networks to which the organizations belong by concentrating and integrating organizations and transforming distribution models. AI transforms customer processes and services by engaging smart and predictive customer care and by employing predictive and augmented product and service design. The study illustrates the changes that AI will likely bring to hospitality and tourism marketing, developing a research agenda and raising discussion points for academic and industry practitioners respectively. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Latin American countries have common characteristics: increase in automobile use, and decrease in the interest of users for public transport by bus caused by unsustainable urban mobility. Of these, users’ interest in public transport by bus has the most significant potential for sustainable transport changes. Therefore, this paper aimed to understand how the interaction between the importance and satisfaction of users to transport attributes can help promote the increase in the passengers’ transport demand in medium-sized cities of developing countries. The interaction between the users’ stated importance and the users’ satisfaction for automobile and public transport by bus was analyzed regarding attributes of safety, comfort, transport costs, and travel time. The study was performed in the city of Barreiras, state of Bahia, Brazil. Likert scale data analysis used three approaches that set unique importance and satisfaction ratings employed on the graphic tool Importance-Performance Analysis. It was concluded that interaction between the data of importance and satisfaction is effective, reliable, and allows the comparative analysis between the transport attributes, enabling the prioritization of strategies that help the promotion of passenger transport. © 2023, Eduem - Editora da Universidade Estadual de Maringa. All rights reserved. This study advances the bidirectional relationship between residents’ perceived tourism impacts and subjective wellbeing, as well as examines the consequential effects on support for tourism development. The bottom-up formative and top-down reflective structural models were proposed based on the bottom-up and top-down theories of subjective wellbeing and Social Exchange Theory. The models were empirically tested with a sample of 466 residents in Macao. Partial least squares-structural equation modelling was employed in data analysis. Results reveal the co-existence of the bottom-up and top-down effects, and also confirm the significant positive impacts of tourism benefits and wellbeing on attitudes toward tourism. Findings suggest the interplay of tourism impacts and wellbeing in forming a virtuous loop, thereby driving support for tourism through mutual enhancing effects. This study validates the bidirectionality between perceived tourism impacts and subjective wellbeing under the integrative framework of the bottom-up and top-down theories. The bidirectionality signifies that subjective wellbeing should be operationalized by scales following its formative or reflective nature under investigation. Furthermore, the bilateral linkages could be exploited by promoting perceived tourism benefits, mitigating perceived tourism costs and fostering subjective wellbeing in order to uphold residents’ support for tourism for its sustainable development through the social exchange mechanism. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Geotechnologies have a long tradition in several areas of society and research. The recent development of the 'Internet of Everything' (IoE) and Geographic Information Systems (GIS) technologies opened several doors to the contribution of tourism. Emergent technologies contributions to tourism and planning such as web mapping, augmented reality (AR), crowdsourcing and crowdsensing are relatively recent, and there is a lack of research around their potential for Creative Tourism enhancement. For example, combining web mapping with AR or storytelling can be an excellent contribution to operators, planners and tourists. For research purposes, new opportunities are open, particularly by integrating community-shared data. It is well known for the popularity of social networks, the exponential growth of photo sharing, but few studies have been implemented to understand their contribution to research. This chapter focuses on emerging geotechnologies concerning cultural mapping, Creative Tourism and sustainability. Since it is a new growing niche, more research is needed to develop and understand the potential of new approaches. Besides traditional techniques such as quantitative (e.g. surveys) and qualitative ones (e.g. interviews, focus groups and world cafe), it revises the role of geotechnologies on Creative Tourism development and growing activities. Results from case studies from Europe are analysed. © 2022 Vitor Ribeiro. All rights reserved. Purpose: This paper reports the results of research that examines the interrelationships between efficacy of sustainability values (SV) and pro-sustainable behaviors of potential tourists. A partially mediated model is postulated and tested to help explain additional error variance in predicting consumers’ destination choice decisions in tourism, hence voiding a critical research gap. Coined as the “environmentally intellectualist behavior,” a new mediator variable is tested to explain additional error variance in human-value models. Design/methodology/approach: The study is based on data collected from two representative samples of potential tourists from the USA and Canada. Data analyses include exploratory and confirmatory factor analyses that were used to examine the underlying domain structures of SV, followed by a predictive model using structural equation modeling. Findings: The study findings suggest that values are salient factors that underlie pro-sustainable tourism and travel behavior. Moreover, the results confirm the existence of a higher-order sustainability construct. The study contributes original insights to the field by demonstrating that there are direct and indirect positive relationships between SV, environmental behaviors and decisions of consumers who take a pro-sustainable stance when traveling. Originality/value: By modeling values as antecedents to attitudes and testing interrelationships between SV and the mediator variables coined as the environmentally intellectual behavior, the authors developed and tested a predictive model to explain destination- and product choice decisions. The model tested herein advances the value theory in two fundamental ways: first, this study demonstrates that SV can be modeled as higher-order factors. Second, values are antecedents to attitude and other variables, therefore must be included in consumer behavior models. Finally, the culture or origin of tourists matters when examining the impact of values on tourists’ choice decisions. Political actions and environmental attitudes can be modeled as mediators to explain additional error variance. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited. The technological advancements of the modern period have made the tourist sector one of the most significant and influential on a global scale. Artificial intelligence, one of the most cutting-edge technologies, is presently utilized in a number of different businesses. The combination of these factors led to the development of "Intelligent Tourism,"which may be considered as the evolution of modern tourism. Intelligent systems are conscious of their surroundings and gain knowledge from the activities they take to accomplish particular objectives. They are more frequently utilized to support decision-making, work processes, and information gathering for tourism. Intelligent information systems should be effective enough to deliver accurate, accurate, and timely information to the appropriate person in order to achieve the goals of intelligent tourism. It's crucial to give tourists the information they need in order to understand how intelligent tourism behaves. The past ten years have seen a significant amount of study activity in the area of next-generation intelligent tourism, but our findings show that none of the research studies conducted in the past included a thorough literature assessment in this sector. The methodologies and core ideas that are most frequently applied in the field of intelligent tourism are identified in this article, and they are presented in depth together with the relevant papers. We succeeded in achieving this by critically assessing a significant number of latest research papers. This study identifies the following ideas as crucial ones: intelligent information system, big data, enhanced reality, social media, real-time information sharing, context awareness, cultural heritage, recommender systems, and user modelling. Important topics related to sustainable intelligent tourism are examined concurrently in order to lay the groundwork for future studies on the tourism arena. © 2023 IEEE. Achieving sustainable freight transport and citizens’ mobility operations in modern cities are becoming critical issues for many governments. By analyzing big data streams generated through IoT devices, city planners now have the possibility to optimize traffic and mobility patterns. IoT combined with innovative transport concepts as well as emerging mobility modes (e.g., ridesharing and carsharing) constitute a new paradigm in sustainable and optimized traffic operations in smart cities. Still, these are highly dynamic scenarios, which are also subject to a high uncertainty degree. Hence, factors such as real-time optimization and re-optimization of routes, stochastic travel times, and evolving customers’ requirements and traffic status also have to be considered. This paper discusses the main challenges associated with Internet of Vehicles (IoV) and vehicle networking scenarios, identifies the underlying optimization problems that need to be solved in real time, and proposes an approach to combine the use of IoV with parallelization approaches. To this aim, agile optimization and distributed machine learning are envisaged as the best candidate algorithms to develop efficient transport and mobility systems. © 2022 by the authors. The recent increase in demand for outdoor recreation opportunities within parks and protected areas (PPAs) has impacted visitor experiences, natural resources, and resource management. Outdoor recreation research and management practices often employ single survey modalities to assess a recreation issue at a specific location and time. This research approach has historically met the challenge of helping to alleviate strains associated with social and ecological impacts in PPAs. Recent research in the areas of social-ecological systems (SES) and hierarchy theory, however, suggests an adaptive systems approach, spanning various scales (e.g., spatial, temporal, topical) and modalities (e.g., on-site, off-site, big data), may be the most comprehensive approach to recreation research and management. The current study examined visitor perceptions of crowding, use-levels, encounter rates, management preferences, and overall experience quality within spatial and temporal scales and on-site and off-site survey modalities at the White Mountain National Forest (WMNF), USA. Specifically, this study compared data within two distinct WMNF studies: 1) a 2016 on-site study (n = 855) and 2) a 2020 off-site study (n = 642). Respondents within these separate, yet complementary studies, were segmented by both frequency of visitation and distance traveled to the WMNF. Descriptive and inferential statistics determined that while there are indeed commonalities between the two samples, respondent profiles and overall perceptions of crowding, encounter rates, and management preferences have different trend pattens between samples, with significant differences within samples. Study findings suggest the employment of multiple scales and modalities may provide greater context, validity, and nuance to complex SES outdoor recreation issues which, in turn may provide a more comprehensive understanding of visitor needs. This research provides empirical evidence to support both the SES and hierarchy theory frameworks and underscores the importance and utility of employing an adaptive systems approach for sustainable PPA management. Management implications: Results from this study found general commonalities between the on-site and off-site study samples. However, respondent profiles and overall perceptions of crowding, encounter rates, and management preferences have different trend pattens between samples, with significant differences within samples. Respondents in the on-site study sample were predominantly non-locals who visited the WMNF infrequently, perceived moderate levels of overall crowding, preferred higher-use site stratums, and had a very high threshold for maximum visitor encounters per day. Respondents in the off-site study sample, however, trended toward the opposite. Results indicate different modalities of data collection provide substantially different results within the same geographic region and, together, may provide a more precise understanding of the area and related recreation impacts. Study findings suggest recreation researchers and resource managers should consider applying multiple scales and modalities in order to comprehensively assess and understand complex human-nature relationships. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd Handbook of Mobility Data Mining, Volume One: Data Preprocessing and Visualization introduces the fundamental technologies of mobile big data mining (MDM), advanced AI methods, and upper-level applications, helping readers comprehensively understand MDM with a bottom-up approach. The book explains how to preprocess mobile big data, visualize urban mobility, simulate and predict human travel behavior, and assess urban mobility characteristics and their matching performance as conditions and constraints in transport, emergency management, and sustainability development systems. The book contains crucial information for researchers, engineers, operators, administrators, and policymakers seeking greater understanding of current technologies' infra-knowledge structure and limitations. Further, the book introduces how to design MDM platforms that adapt to the evolving mobility environment, new types of transportation, and users based on an integrated solution that utilizes sensing and communication capabilities to tackle significant challenges faced by the MDM field. This volume focuses on how to efficiently pre-process mobile big data to extract and utilize critical feature information of high-dimensional city people flow. The book first provides a conceptual theory and framework, then discusses data sources, trajectory map-matching, noise filtering, trajectory data segmentation, data quality assessment, and more, concluding with a chapter on privacy protection in mobile big data mining. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. Purpose: The purpose of this study was to uncover representative emergent areas and to examine the research area of marketing, tourism and big data (BD) to assess how these thematic areas have developed over a 27-year time period from 1996 to 2022. This study analyzed 1,152 studies to identify the principal thematic areas and emergent topics, principal theories used, predominant forms of analysis and the most productive authors in terms of research. Design/methodology/approach: The articles for this research were all selected from the Web of Science database. A systematic and quantitative literature review was performed. This study used SciMAT software to extract indicators. Specifically, this study analyzed productivity and produced a science map. Findings: The findings suggest that interest in this area has increased gradually. The outputs also reveal the innovative effort of industry in new technologies for developing models for tourism marketing. Ten research areas were identified: “destination marketing,” “mobility patterns,” “co-creation,” “gastronomy,” “sustainability,” “tourist behavior,” “market segmentation,” “artificial neural networks,” “pricing” and “tourist satisfaction.” Originality/value: This work is unique in proposing an agenda for future research into tourism marketing research with new technologies such as BD and artificial intelligence techniques. In addition, the results presented here fill the current gap in the research since while there have been literature reviews covering tourism with BD or marketing, these areas have not been studied as a whole. © 2022, Sofía Blanco-Moreno, Ana M. González-Fernández and Pablo Antonio Muñoz-Gallego. This study examines the interplay of air connectivity, sports events, infrastructures, and fiscal support during the period 2017 and 2022 in a designated area called Special Economic Zone in Mandalika, Lombok Island, West Nusa Tenggara to boost tourism development in Indonesia by utilizing big data cognitive analytics. We examine the tourism development impacted by the MotoGP event in 2022 and air connectivity. Further, this paper discusses the network connectivity of flights at Zainuddin Abdul Madjid International Airport during the COVID-19 Pandemic and the new normal. We found that the combination of an international airport, globally recognized sports events, and government support has directly and positively improved the tourism industry’s performance in the country and especially within Lombok Island. We suggest policy recommendations to support economic activities in Mandalika’s Special Economic Zone and its hinterland to maintain business sustainability and utilize the existing infrastructures at the optimum level. Lessons learned from the Indonesian experience could help other developing countries that are devising policies and strategies to develop the tourism industry by employing proper instruments such as infrastructure, events, and fiscal policies. © 2023 The Author(s). This open access article is distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) 4.0 license. Modern cities, as complex systems, are often vulnerable to natural and anthropogenic hazards. In this paper we attempt to examine how cities can show resilience to emergencies, such as the recent Covid-19 pandemic, through intelligent transport systems (ITS). Trikala, Greece constitutes a model smart city that has been recognized internationally for its efforts to promote technological and social innovation and sustainability focused on urban mobility by implementing a wealth of advanced and integrated intelligent urban transport systems. The aim of this paper is to explore the urban mobility behavior, as well as the attitudes and perceptions of the Trikala’s citizens towards intelligent transport systems in the light of the pandemic Covid-19. The study is based on an on-line questionnaire survey and the data analysis was carried using descriptive and inferential statistics. The main findings showed that the coronavirus outbreak had a significant impact on the individual mobility patterns and on public space use. The non-mandatory trips were decreased, and the frequency use of active transport modes (walking, cycling) was increased. Most citizens have positively evaluated ITS and consider that they can make a substantial contribution to the safety of urban travel during the pandemic. Intelligent and soft mobility measures constitute crucial elements of an integrated spatial and transport planning, which should be the fundamental strategy for building urban resilience in times of crisis. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. Information and communication technology has integrated with all industries closely and rapidly. In China, the tourism industry has experienced a high-level of digitalisation exploration. With big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, VR, AR, and other digital tools, industrial digitalisation is powering the tourism industry toward sustainable and intelligent production. Chinese governments and Internet platform companies actively embraced global digitisation opportunities to supply high-quality public services. Based on the value of co-creation, Chinese Internet platform companies used technical superiorities to help governments and tourism market supervision. At the same time, this action could also help themselves transform from consumer Internet into industrial Internet services. In September 2017, IDC Government Insights rated an innovative travel platform named GO-Yunnan as the best Asia-Pacific Smart City project in “Economic, Tourism, Art, Library, Culture and Public Space”. This smart travel platform enabled the connection between online and offline public services from the government to merchants, representing the current changes in China’s tourism industry. Therefore, in this chapter the authors choose the GO-Yunnan smart travel platform as an example to discuss the Internet industry’s role in reconstructing the Chinese tourism industry. Moreover, they summarise three trends related to the industry, tourists, and government. © 2024 selection and editorial matter, Alastair M. Morrison and Dimitrios Buhalis; individual chapters, the contributors. Improving the wildlife tourism experience of travellers is critical to achieving environmental sustainability. Therefore, it’s critical to investigate quality factors to raise experience quality. This study aims to identify the most salient quality factors and their relative importance to the wildlife tourism experience of travellers. In order to take advantage of big data and unprompted textual data, a machine learning method, namely, supervised latent Dirichlet allocation, was used in analysing online reviews of wildlife tourism. A total of 18 quality factors are extracted from data and cross-validated by comparing a prior theoretical framework. Results reveal that travellers’ perception of intensity, authenticity, species popularity, and operators’ rule management are crucial for enhancing traveller’s experience. In addition, the negative influences of wildlife attack and disease highlight the importance of control of encounter. These findings suggest some future research directions and provide practical implications. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Purpose: Sports tourism was strongly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, but there is no consensus on what sports tourism should look like in the post-pandemic period. This study explores the future of sports tourism in light of the COVID-19 pandemic and provides an alternative paradigm model. Design/methodology/approach: Data were collected by interviewing sports tourism experts. Data analysis was based on the continuous comparison method during three stages of open, axial and selective coding. Findings: The findings point to the complexity of the future sports tourism industry. Post-COVID-19 sports tourism strongly depends on environmental forces and targeted support, with strategies focused on tourists’ safety and security, digitalization of the industry, and new employment opportunities. Originality/value: This study contributes to the body of knowledge on sports tourism by providing answers to the current challenges, threats and opportunities associated with the pandemic. The proposed paradigm model could be a guideline for sports tourism practitioners and policymakers to accelerate recovery from COVID-19 in a sustainable and resilient manner. © 2023, Sajjad Pashaie and Marko Perić. The empirical research investigated the relationship between tourism development and environmental suitability to propose a framework for sustainable ecotourism. The framework suggested a balance between business and environmental interests in maintaining an ecological system with the moderating help of government support and policy interventions. The study population encompasses tourism stakeholders, including tourists, representatives from local communities, members of civil administration, hoteliers, and tour operators serving the areas. A total of 650 questionnaires were distributed to respondents, along with a brief description of key study variables to develop a better understanding. After verifying the instrument’s reliability and validity, data analysis was conducted via hierarchical regression. The study findings revealed that a substantial number of people perceive socio-economic benefits, including employment and business openings, infrastructure development from tourism development, and growth. However, the state of the natural and environmental capital was found to be gradually degrading. Alongside the social environment, social vulnerability is reported due to the overutilization of land, intrusion from external cultures, and pollution in air and water due to traffic congestion, accumulation of solid waste, sewage, and carbon emissions. The study suggested a model framework for the development of sustained ecotourism, including supportive government policy interventions to ensure effective conservation of environmental and natural resources without compromising the economic viability and social well-beings of the locals. Furthermore, the variables and the constructs researched can be replicated to other destinations to seek valuable inputs for sustainable destination management elsewhere. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature. BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Penyengat Island is a small island in the Riau Archipelago Province, Indonesia, with a coastal settlement that embodies traditional Malay values. This island holds significance due to the historical connection to the Malay royal civilization along the Malacca Strait, which includes Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore. Therefore, this research analyzes the status and determinants of the sustainability of healthy settlement arrangements in the coastal area of Penyengat Island as a cultural heritage site. METHODS: The study utilizes the multi-dimensional scaling-rapid appraisal for sustainability approach, employing the modified rapid appraisal for fisheries ordinance software technique for settlement analysis. Data collection was performed using a survey and literature review. The survey was conducted through field observations and interviews with respondents, while a literature review was carried out through secondary data collection related to settlements and cultural heritage. The data analysis was performed using multi-dimensional scaling, modified from the rapid assessment appraisal method for fisheries. FINDINGS: The study reveals that the sustainability index status for the ecological and institutional legal dimensions in Penyengat island is sustainable. In contrast, the economic and socio-cultural dimensions recorded low sustainability, while the green infrastructure dimension was deemed unsustainable. Several attributes significantly influenced the sustainability of healthy settlement arrangements in the coastal area of Penyengat Island, including household waste management, lighting in houses, noise levels, residential density, clean water supply, corporate social responsibility (CSR) funding, occupation, income growth, technological innovation, tourist numbers, public perception of the distance between cultural heritage and settlements, social conflicts, implementation of mutual cooperation, community group management, handling cross-program problems, education and training, settlement regulations, community organization regarding settlements, socialization of regulations, cultural heritage organizations, hedgerows, additional vegetation, tree canopy expansion, and rain gardens. The multi-dimensional scaling analysis indicated that the ecological dimension of sustainability ranged from 51.71 to 60.67, corresponding to the moderate status in Rukun Warga 1 to 5. The economic dimension ranges from 40.46 to 48.23, indicating a less advanced status in Rukun Warga 1 to 5. The socio-cultural dimension ranges from 48.97 to 51.78, representing sufficient status in Rukun Warga 1 and less sustainable in Rukun Warga 2 to 5. The institutional, legal dimension ranges from 50.18 to 71.24, with a sufficiently continuous status in Rukun Warga 1 to 5. Lastly, the green infrastructure dimension ranges from -0.12 to 6.72, a non-continuous status in Rukun Warga 1 to 5. CONCLUSION: The sustainability status of healthy settlement arrangements on Penyengat Island is relatively good. While Penyengat Island has made significant strides in achieving sustainable settlement arrangements, the green infrastructure dimension requires attention. Enhancing sustainability in this dimension involves addressing socio-cultural aspects and improving the institutional and legal framework. In summary, Penyengat Island can progress toward a more sustainable and resilient future by fostering community involvement, strengthening governance structures, and implementing sustainable practices. © This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). Data have played a role in urban mobility policymaking for decades. Especially since the emergence of big data, many researchers have shown how to advance data use to improve understanding transport policy effects, but there is hardly insight in how this is adopted in policy practice. This study aims to address this gap by answering two questions: (1) how is data currently embedded in urban mobility policy- and decision-making; and (2) what are the advantages and limitations of more data use in these processes? We chose two Dutch cities -Maastricht and Groningen-that were both involved in a national programme (BeterBenutten) that trialed (and funded) a more evidence-based policymaking approach. We did ten semi-structured interviews with the people work in the mobility department and analyzed the twenty-one most relevant policy reports to understand how more data reinforces/impedes transport policymaking in practice. We found that data use differed in long-term and short-term policy cycles. In the long-term policy cycle, data was regarded as less important than political and societal trends and developments; in the short-term cycle, data played a major role in prompting traffic regulations and policy adjustments. Policy insights can be derived from this research on how data can be better embedded in policymaking practices (1) The support from national/regional level (i.e. BeterBenutten program): could provide extra opportunities for local governments to do ex-post policy assessments, which has been regarded as valuable resources for evidence-based decision-making by policymakers. (2) Survey data can still play a significant role in urban mobility planning by typically providing more insights in the ‘why’ of traveler behaviors than big data. (3) Transport policymakers need to strength their abilities in selecting suitable data (out of a much larger set) and having more (competent) personnel capacity to interpret data. (4) Promoting sustainable mobility is a strong driving force for the local governments to enhance data use. © 2022 The Authors We aim to determine the effect of geopolitical risk and economic political uncertainty on the number of international tourist arrivals. In order to identify the countries, Hofstede's uncertainty avoidance index was applied. Considering this index, 16 countries’ data on geopolitical risk, economic political uncertainty, and the number of international tourists have been reached. For the period 1997–2019, the Westerlund cointegration test was applied to investigate the relationship between the variables. The results of the panel cointegration test show that the variables are cointegrated. Economic political uncertainty is effective in countries where tourist arrivals are above the uncertainty avoidance index average and geopolitical risk is effective in countries where tourist arrivals are below it. Our aim is for policymakers to make suggestions for sustainable policies by taking the cultural aspects of the countries into account when making decisions about tourism. © 2023, Bucharest University of Economic Studies. All rights reserved. Wetlands in Ethiopia provide multiple ecosystem services; they are highly affected because of Natural processes, anthropogenic activities, and limited policy attention. It aimed this study at analyzing the ecological benefits and drivers of the degradation of the Abaya-Chamo lake-wetland. A questionnaire survey of 304 Household Heads, focus group Discussion, and Landsat imagery was used. Landsat images from the last 30 years (1990-2019) were also used to identify vegetation indices and turbidity in the study area. Normalized difference vegetation, water, and turbidity indices were used for image interpretation. Mean, it used correlation and regression for data analyses. Abaya-Chamo lake-wetland offers fish, fodder, irrigation, farmland, rainfall, habitat, tourism, aesthetics, recreation, carbon sink, air quality, and climate control services. The area showed siltation-led raising turbidity and a loss of 48.9% of its swamp area from 1990 to 2019. Farm expansion, siltation, invasive plants, open access and overuse of resources, lack of legal framework, and rapid population growth were the main drivers of wetland degradation. Invasive plants result in dwindling aquatic resources, economic and tourism benefits, and changes in local climate, rapidly depleting water and lake-wetland. Thus, the government should formulate a clear policy and legal framework for the sustainable management of wetlands. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group on behalf of the International Water, Air & Soil Conservation Society(INWASCON). Purpose: The aim of this study is to examine halal tourism in managing village tourism in the Madura region, Indonesia. Theoretical framework: Rural tourism mostly is domestic phenomenon, a different nature from industry and the various ways in which it is felt across continents. Rural tourism seen synonymous with sustainable development tourism with all that is implied for nature, scale, character and possession tourism development (Sharpley & Roberts, 2004). Based on The National Sharia Council of the Indonesian Religious Leader in Fatwa number 08/DSN-MUI/X/2016 concerning Guidelines for implementing Tourism Based on Sharia Principles, there are 12 relevant elements to the rural tourism level. Design/methodology/approach: The study used a comparative descriptive qualitative approach in three locations. Data is collected through unstructured interviews with village tourism managers, village heads, and visitors. The comparative descriptive data analysis technique is based on the Fatwa of the National Sharia Council of the Indonesian Religious Leader No. 108/DSN-MUI/X/2016 concerning Guidelines for the Implementation of Sharia Tourism which was modified at the village level. Findings: The results of data analysis show that village tourism managers have not fully implemented halal tourism indicators such as worship facilities and infrastructure, potential social and immoral problems, security and tranquility, and guarantee of halal products. This finding contributes to policymakers' improving regulations to implement halal indicators in village tourism. Research, Practical & Social implications: This research is still limited to tourist destinations and has not observed the nature of the village as a tourism potential nor the potential for culture and customs to become a tourist attraction. Future research can examine community-based village tourism models in Madura, not mass tourism. The potential of the Taneyan Lanjhang traditional house as a village tourism homestay using the rural participative action research method is exciting research in the future. Originality/value: The study uses the halal tourism concept, based on the Fatwa of the National Sharia Council of the Indonesian Religious Leader, which is modified with the level of rural tourism. © 2023 Pak Heart J. All rights reserved. Community support is a key factor in the successful implementation of sustainable tourism development plans at heritage sites. This study presents a paradigm model to provide insight into the structure and process of community support for sustainable tourism development (SSTD) in small heritage sites. Using a social constructionist frame and grounded theory approach, the data from semi-structured interviews with 22 participants living in the historic city of Shiraz in Iran–selected through theoretical sampling–were analysed. In this study, for the first time, the dimensions of the core phenomenon of ‘community SSTD’ in small heritage sites were identified. They were categorised into five strategies of demand, emotional support, voluntary promotional activities, economic activities and user activities. Data analysis also revealed six factors of cultural/historical awareness, community attachment, individual characteristics, community perceptions, social factors and the sites’ neighbourhood conditions as factors affecting community SSTD in small heritage sites. Given the scarcity of qualitative studies conducted in the area of sustainable tourism development in small heritage sites, the findings of this study can be used as a basis for strengthening community SSTD in Iran and elsewhere. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Indonesia is a multicultural country with a diversity of flora and fauna, which makes Indonesia one of the most attractive tourist destinations in the world. In 2019, the Indonesian tourism industry became the second-largest foreign exchange contributor. However, there is not yet a competitive advantage model for tourist destinations that are in accordance with the unique geographic, demographic, and socioeconomic characteristics of Indonesia. The aim and novelty of this research is to formulate a competitive advantage model for Indonesian tourist destinations by providing dimensions/indicators based on an analysis of the intersection of the supply side and demand sides of the six super-priority destinations. This study used mixed research methods; data analysis was carried out using the Importance–Performance Analysis (IPA), Exploratory Factor Analysis (EFA), and the Measurement model using SmartPLS 3 software. The data were obtained from 190 respondents from the supply side and 808 respondents from the demand side using multistage sampling techniques. The study provides 63 indicators in 12 dimensions of competitive advantage for Indonesian tourist destinations. Thus, these indicators are able to provide more efficient guidance to stakeholders in managing cost-effective strategies to improve the competitive advantage of their tourist destinations. © 2022 by the authors. Nowadays, the most successful and prominent wellness tourism centers are those that, consider the aspects of sustainable development, while providing memorable services with the best quality and reasonable prices. A wellness tourism center is seeking to meet the purposeful journey of wellness tourists by improving their mental, physical, and spiritual happiness. This paper presents a three-objective mathematical model to formulate the supply chain of services provided by a wellness tourism center. The purpose of this model is to establish a balance between sustainability aspects in this supply chain. The first objective seeks to maximize profits from the supply chain and the second and third objectives are to maximize customer satisfaction concerning environmental and social impacts. The proposed model includes quantitative parameters of operating costs, capacity increase cost, service capacity, and service demand. Due to the multi-objective nature of the model, the improved multi-choice goal programming method is used. Real data are collected from the Ardabil-Sarein wellness tourism center in Iran and used as a case study to validate and analyze the model. In collecting the dataset for the parameters, the three aspects of big data (3 V's) are considered. Findings show that the model offers different types of discounts for various periods following the tourist demand. Additionally, the wellness tourism center can use the original cost to expand its range of services by offering different tours. Finally, the limitations and managerial suggestions are discussed. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd Background: The provision of seamless public transport supply requires a complete understanding of the real traffic dynamics, comprising origin-to-destination multimodal mobility patterns along the transport network. However, most current solutions are centred on the volumetric analysis of passengers’ flows, generally neglecting transfer, walking, and waiting needs, as well as the changes in the mobility patterns with the calendar and user profile. These challenges prevent a comprehensive assessment of the routing and scheduling vulnerabilities of (multimodal) public transport networks. Research aims/questions: The research presented in this paper aims at addressing the above challenges by proposing a novel approach that extends dynamic Origin-Destination (OD) matrix inference to dynamic OD matrix inference with aggregated statistics, highlighting vulnerabilities and multimodal mobility patterns from individual trip record data. Methodology: Given specific spatial and temporal criteria, the proposed methodology extends dynamic Origin-Destination (OD) matrices with aggregated statistics, using smart-card validations gathered from (multimodal) public transport networks. More specifically, three major contributions are tackled; i) the data enrichment in the OD matrices with statistical information besides trip volume (e.g., transfer and trip features); ii) the detection of vulnerabilities on the network pertaining to walking distances and trip durations in a user-centric way and iii) the decomposition of traffic flows in accordance with calendrical rules and user (passenger) profiles. The set of contributions are validated on the bus-and-metro public transport network in the city of Lisbon. Results: The proposed approach for inferring OD matrices yields four unique contributions. First, we allow inference to consider multimodal commuting patterns, detecting individual trips undertaken along with different operators. Second, we support dynamic matrices’ OD inference along with parameterizable time intervals and calendrical rules, and further support the decomposition of traffic flows according to the user profile. Third, we allow parameterization of the desirable spatial granularity and visualisation preferences. Fourth, our solution efficiently computes several statistics that support OD matrix analysis, helping with the detection of vulnerabilities throughout the transport network. More specifically, statistical indicators related to travellers’ functional mobility needs (commuters for working purposes, etc.), walking distances and trip durations are supported. The inferred dynamic OD matrices are the outcome of a developed software with strict guarantees of usability. Results from the case study using data gathered from the two main public transport operators (Bus and Metro) in the city of Lisbon show that 77.3% of alighting stops can be estimated with a high confidence degree from bus smart-card data. The inferred OD matrices (Bus and Metro) in the city of Lisbon reveal vulnerabilities along specific OD pairs, offering the bus public operators in Lisbon new knowledge and a means to better understand dynamics and validate OD assumptions. © 2022, The Author(s). In order to fully grasp the development and research status of forest landscape ecology, this paper analyzed the literatures related to forest landscape from 1982 to 2020 on CNKI and Wanfang Data Service platform. Based on Python language environment, this paper uses Scrapy framework to extract literature data, and uses CiteSpace visual analysis software to draw knowledge map. It analyzes and visualizes the amount of articles published, research groups, research hotspots and trends. The results showed that: (1) the development process of forest landscape ecology research was divided into three stages: initial exploration period from 1982 to 2002, rapid development period from 2003 to 2008, and stable development period from 2009 to present. (2) The number of scholars in this field is relatively large and scattered, and the influential core author group and institutional group has not yet been formed; (3) The hot research directions are forest landscape pattern, sustainable development of forest, and forest landscape planning and design. (4) The focus of forest landscape ecology research has gradually shifted from geographic information system to eco-Tourism, urban forest and planning and design, and the research has become specialized and meticulous.  © 2023 IEEE. With growing environmental concerns and the exploitation of ubiquitous big data, smart transportation is transforming logistics business and operations into a more sustainable approach. To answer questions in intelligent transportation planning, such as which data are feasible, which methods are applicable for intelligent prediction of such data, and what are the available operations for prediction, this paper offers a new deep learning approach called bi-directional isometric-gated recurrent unit (BDIGRU). It is merged to the deep learning framework of neural networks for predictive analysis of travel time and business adoption for route planning. The proposed new method directly learns high-level features from big traffic data and reconstructs them by its own attention mechanism drawn by temporal orders to complete the learning process recursively in an end-to-end manner. After deriving the computational algorithm with stochastic gradient descent, we use the proposed method to perform predictive analysis of stochastic travel time under various traffic conditions (especially for congestions) and then determine the optimal vehicle route with the shortest travel time under future uncertainty. Based on empirical results with big traffic data, we show that the proposed BDIGRU method can (1) significantly improve the predictive accuracy of one-step 30 min ahead travel time compared to several conventional (data-driven, model-driven, hybrid, and heuristics) methods measured with several performance criteria, and (2) efficiently determine the optimal vehicle route in relation to the predictive variability under uncertainty. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature. Social media is an essential tool and channel for tourism industry research. It has created significant value for tourism consumption, management, and trends. However, rare scientific achievements uncover sustainable tourism on Twitter, a famous social media worldwide. Therefore, this study aims to conceptualize sustainable tourism from the social media perspective. Based on 2,201 tweets, the study uses Nvivo12.0 to encode content thematically to explore the connotations and concepts of sustainable tourism. The study identified three crucial dimensions: tourism for sustainable development, sustainable tourism management, and sustainable tourism types. Tourism for sustainable development aims to promote the positive effects of sustainable practices in the tourism industry on various areas of life, economy, society, and environment. Moreover, its content serves for the better development in the future. Sustainable tourism management focuses on industries, leaders, experts, programs, and sectors. In addition, the study categorized sustainable tourism by entity, purpose, destination, and mode to determine the type of sustainable tourism. The paper helps to inspire stakeholders in the tourism industry to understand and pay attention to the content in the post-Covid-19 era and also provides recommendations for the tourism market, the tourism sector, and tourism consumers. © The author(s) 2023. The formation of cities, and the relocation of workers to densely populated areas reflect a spatial equilibrium, in which the higher real consumption levels of urban areas are offset by lower non-monetary amenities [1]. However, as the society progress toward a post-COVID stage, the prevailing decentralized delivery systems and location-based services, the growing trend of working from home, with citizens’ shifting preference of de-appreciating densities and gathering, have not only changed the possible spatial distribution of opportunities, resources, consumption and amenities, but also transformed people’s preference regarding desirable urban spatial qualities, value of amenities, and working opportunities [2, 3]. This research presents a systematic method to evaluate the perceived trade-off between urban spatial qualities and urban utilities such as amenities, transportation, and monetary opportunities by urban residence in the post-COVID society. The outcome of the research will become a valid tool to drive and evaluate urban design strategies based on the potential self-organization of work-life patterns and social profiles in the designated neighbourhood. To evaluate the subjective perception of the urban residence, the study started with a comparative survey by asking residence to compare two randomly selected urban contexts in a data base of 398 contexts sampled across Hong Kong and state their living preference under the presumption of following scenarios: 1. working from home; 2. working in city centre offices. Core information influencing the spatial equilibrium are provided in the comparable urban context such as street views, housing price, housing space, travel time to city centre, adjacency to public transport and amenities, etc. Each context is given a preference score calculated with Microsoft TrueSkill Bayesian ranking algorithm [4] based on the comparison survey of two scenarios. The 398 contexts are further analysed via GIS and image processing, to be deconstructed into numerical values describing main features for each of the context that influence urban design strategies such as composition of spatial features, amenity allocation, adjacency to city centre and public transportations. Machine learning models are trained with the numerical values of urban features as input and two preference scores for the two working scenarios as the output. The correlation heat maps are used to identify main urban features and its p-value that influence residence’s preference under two working scenarios in post–COVID era. The same model could also be applied to inform the direction of urban design strategies to construct a sustainable community for each type of working population and validate the design strategies via predicting its competitiveness in attracting residence and developing target industries. © 2023, The Author(s). In order to improve the efficiency and accuracy of education quality evaluation and the reasonable allocation of educational resources, this paper proposes a novel education chain model based on the hybrid quantum neural network algorithm. The hybrid quantum neural network algorithm is a cutting-edge approach that combines the power of quantum computing with artificial neural networks, which are widely used in machine learning and data analysis. By leveraging the cloud model, the hybrid quantum neural network algorithm can be optimized for high performance and scalability, making it an ideal solution for complex data analysis and decision-making tasks in the education sector. Moreover, this paper applies the hybrid quantum neural network algorithm to solve the problem of flexible resource allocation in low-carbon supply chain management. By using the algorithm to analyze and optimize resource allocation, TN Travel Network can reduce carbon emissions and improve sustainability while also improving operational efficiency and reducing costs. Finally, this paper designs experiments to evaluate the model effect combined with mathematical statistics. The results show that the education chain model constructed in this paper has a significant effect on improving the efficiency and accuracy of education quality evaluation and the reasonable allocation of educational resources. By leveraging the power of the hybrid quantum neural network algorithm, TN Travel Network can achieve sustained growth and success in the education sector while also contributing to a more sustainable and low-carbon future. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature. Indonesia has been actively promoting the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) agreed upon at the United Nations General Assembly in 2015. Pursuing economic expansion through extraction of natural resources is an obsolete paradigm that is becoming increasingly outdated. Therefore, the geopark concept has broken the idea of economic progress that damages the environment. Geoparks seek to safeguard geodiversity, educate the public about geological history, and assist the long-term economic growth of geopark areas, particularly through geotourism. Geotourism is a sort of creative tourism that is fast growing across the world. This paper aims to assess the existing status and geotourism potential in order to identify the best geosites for the West Lampung region’s initial geopark development. The methods of this study are a geology and geopark literature review, fieldwork, data analysis, and synthesis. The procedure includes inventorying and identifying geodiversity. The study looked at rock and outcrops to piece together the geological history of the West Lampung region. This study showed that the West Lampung region offers several remarkable geosites with significant geotourism development potential. Asam Lake, Nirwana Crater, and Point View Suoh Valley in the Suoh part have the greatest final values, followed by Batubrak Fault Depression in the Fault Depression section. The Batubrak Fault Depression and Asam Lake have significant scientific and tourist value, particularly in terms of portrayal, uniqueness, perspectives, scenery, and natural surroundings. In the Suoh section, Nirwana Crater, Kopi Susu Crater, Keramikan Crater, and Point View Suoh Valley have significant scientific importance but poor educational and tourism value, while the other sites have low scientific, tourist, and educational value, thus placing the area at the bottom of the assessment even though overall it is of medium value. It can be concluded that several geosites in West Lampung have poor value due to some factors such as location accessibility, tourism infrastructure, and location management. Looking at the total findings, basic tourism infrastructure, visitor center, and tour guide services, as well as promotional efforts, are important factors in attracting more tourists to the West Lampung geosites. © 2022 by the authors. With the rise of eco-tourism and the unprecedented prosperity of tourism, the increasing environmental awareness and the wide implementation of sustainable development strategy, eco-tourism has developed rapidly; But at the same time, various negative effects also appear, and gradually show their huge potential threats: over exploitation and even predatory development of tourism resources, extensive management of tourist attractions, pathological expansion of tourism facilities construction, sharp deterioration of environmental quality, etc., all of which threaten the sustainable development of tourism and ecology to varying degrees. The research on the big data visual accounting model of ecotourism carrying capacity is a research paper, focusing on the role of visualization in understanding and interpreting big data. The purpose of this study is to develop a web-based interactive tool that enables users to explore, visualize and analyze large amounts of data from different sources to improve the decision-making process. The main purpose of this study is to create a tool that allows users to interact with a large amount of information using simple tools such as charts, charts, maps and tables. These tools are designed to be used by both experts and non experts. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. A lack of data collection on conscious mobility behaviors has been identified in current sustainable and smart mobility planning, development and implementation strategies. This leads to technocentric solutions that do not place people and their behavior at the center of new mobility solutions in urban centers around the globe. This paper introduces the concept of conscious mobility to link techno-economic analyses with user awareness on the impact of their travel decisions on other people, local urban infrastructure and the environment through systematic big data collection. A preliminary conscious mobility indicator framework is presented to leverage behavioral considerations to enhance urban-community mobility systems. Key factors for conscious mobility analysis have been derived from five case studies. The sample offers regional diversity (i.e., local, regional and the global urban contexts), as well as different goals in the transformation of conventional urban transport systems, from improving public transport efficiency and equipment electrification to mitigate pollution and climate risks, to focusing on equity, access and people safety. The case studies selected provide useful metrics on the adoption of cleaner, smarter, safer and more autonomous mobility technologies, along with novel people-centric program designs to build an initial set of conscious mobility indicators frameworks. The parameters were applied to the city of Monterrey, Nuevo Leon in Mexico focusing on the needs of the communities that work, study and live around the local urban campus of the Tecnologico de Monterrey’s Distrito Tec. This case study, served as an example of how conscious mobility indicators could be applied and customized to a community and region of interest. This paper introduces the first application of the conscious mobility framework for urban communities’ mobility system analysis. This more holistic assessment approach includes dimensions such as society and culture, infrastructure and urban spaces, technology, government, normativity, economy and politics, and the environment. The expectation is that the conscious mobility framework of analysis will become a useful tool for smarter and sustainable urban and mobility problem solving and decision making to enhance the quality of life all living in urban communities. © 2022 by the authors. The rapid growth of shared e-scooters around the world creates an interest and a need to understand who uses shared e-scooters, trip patterns, and modal shift impacts. To shed light on these questions, this study conducted an online survey (N = 1498) to collect information on shared e-scooter use in four U.S. cities: Birmingham, AL, Washington D.C., Los Angeles, CA, and Miami, FL. The paper provides a comprehensive view of shared e-scooter use in different cities and reveals the similarities and differences in e-scooter users’ socioeconomic characteristics. Furthermore, the results of a binary logistic model show the impact of socioeconomic and travel modal choice factors on predicting shared e-scooter usage. The findings suggest that male, younger, and more affluent users who live in smaller households owning fewer vehicles are more likely to use shared e-scooter services. The relationships between income level, race/ethnicity, or e-scooter ownership and the usage of shared e-scooters are not statistically significant. The McFadden’s R2 of the binary logistic regression model indicates an excellent fit. The results also show that compared with non-users, shared e-scooter users tend to assess travel cost as more important and travel safety as less important in their mode choice. The findings from this work can help city planners, policymakers, and other micromobility stakeholders in their efforts to promote the adoption of shared e-scooters and improve on deployment practices of shared e-scooters at their locations. © National Academy of Sciences: Transportation Research Board 2023. This paper makes a systematic visual analysis of cruise research literature collected in science network database from 1996 to 2019. The results show that: the overall number of published literatures on cruise research are growing; North American states, Europe, and Asia are the main regions of cruise research. The evolutionary of theme development of cruise research has three stages, and the current hot topics of cruise research can be summarized as cruise tourism, luxury cruises, cruise passengers, destination ports, environmental and biological conservation, and cruise diseases. Future research in the cruise field is in the areas of cruise supply chain, technology in cruise, children’s cruise experience, itinerary design, planning and optimization, brand reputation and luxury cruises, public transportation in destinations, environmental responsibility of passengers and corporate social responsibility, optimization of energy systems, climate change in relation to the cruise industry, the Chinese cruise market and risk management of cruise diseases. Copyright © 2023 Meng, Li and Wu. Environmental attitudes (environmental knowledge, awareness, and concern) are important drivers of pro-environmental behaviour for key destination stakeholder groups, including tourists, tourism business staff and residents. However, limited attention has been given to how individual attitudes within each role collectively contribute to the environmental sustainability of tourism destinations.The goal of the study is to fill this gap by conceptually and empirically linking the micro- and macro-levels of analysis, respectively focused on individuals and the destination. First, the concept of Destination Environmental Orientation (DEO) is proposed to indicate the collective attitude of a touristic place or destination towards the environment having micro-foundations in individuals’ cognition, evaluation and affect. Then, focusing on local hotels’ staff as a key destination stakeholder category, the study shows the methodological potential of Symbolic Data Analysis (SDA) to measure DEO based on underlying individual-level data about environmental knowledge, awareness, and concern. Survey-based data are collected among employees in thirty-three hotels located in eleven tourism municipalities of Naples, a province in the Campania region (Italy). The research identifies three groups of tourim municipalities with significant differences in the level of environmental orientation. The findings suggest that these groups exhibit different patterns of functioning and three models are identified based on context-related factors, i.e., the level of tourism developement, the reliance of tourism areas on natural resources, and geograhical and functional proximity among tourism municipalities: the “Mature tourism destination” model, the “Island tourism destination” model, and the “Strategically positioned touristic place” model. The implications to sustainable tourism theory and practice are discussed. © 2023 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Sustainability refers to the evaluation and communication of quantitative and qualitative information of the sustainability performance of a business in a balanced way regarding the environment and the society in which it operates. Companies are responsible for stakeholders’ justification and disclosure expenses consisting of dedicated sustainability practices, thereby strengthening the company’s financial performance. However, due to the deficiency of consistent information and a lack of transparency in corporate reporting, tourism industries fail to realize the association between sustainability practices and financial performance. Moreover, there is a lack of literature that deals with the impact of macro-level sustainability factors on firms’ financial performances. Furthermore, linking the going concern concept and sustainable practices with financial performance through the Z-score model is not frequently done in the corporate world. Hence, this paper investigated the impact of macro-level sustainability practices on the going concern ability in developed and developing countries’ tourism industries for the 2016–2020 period, including a sample size of 138 listed companies, through panel data analysis. This study fills the empirical gap by adopting the Altman Z-score to analyze the financial performance related to sustainability practices in terms of environmental, economic, and social dimensions. The empirical results reveal that macro-level sustainability practices significantly impact the going concern from developed and developing countries’ perspectives. © 2022 by the authors. In recent years, under the great social background of rapid development of the national economy and continuous improvement of residents' living standards, the existing construction speed and scale of transportation infrastructure can not meet the increasing needs of urban transportation, and the contradiction between supply and demand is prominent. The key to solving a series of problems, such as urban traffic congestion caused by the increasing number of motor vehicles, is to promote public transportation vigorously. In the field of public transport, there are still a series of problems in current public transport, including unclear hot spots and unreasonable route planning. With the emergence of big data technology, a large amount of user travel data may be utilized for traffic planning, network construction, and user demand analysis of public transport systems. This paper introduces the establishment of urban user portrait labels based on public transport travel data of Suichang County, deconstructs and analyzes passenger flow, and puts forward application suggestions for the public transport system from the perspective of time and space, which has far-reaching significance for its route management and sustainable operation.  © 2023 IEEE. Over the next five years, the U.S. will deploy DC fast charging stations along its interstate highway system under the National Electric Vehicle Infrastructure (NEVI) formula program. The large-scale deployment of NEVI charging stations will significantly increase charging demand, posing challenges to power systems. Thus, understanding the charging demand characteristics of existing NEVI-compliant stations is crucial. However, limited access to smart meter data and few compliant stations make existing studies insufficient for NEVI research. This article presents a thorough analysis of an existing NEVI-compliant Level-3 DC charging station&#x0027;s power demand, located on the U.S. interstate highway in the Northern High Plains. The real 15-minute smart meter data was examined to evaluate the station&#x0027;s power consumption and demand characteristics across various time intervals and holidays. The station&#x0027;s unique location enables accurate representation of EV charging patterns for highway travel in the northern high plains throughout the year. Additionally, the study investigates the station&#x0027;s sustainability by assessing local solar generation potential and offers preliminary results for the future carbon market. This research provides a detailed guide on examining EV charging station power demand and consumption characteristics on the U.S. interstate highway using smart meter data, ultimately assisting the power industry in facilitating the NEVI formula program deployment. IEEE Purpose: This research aims to analyze the customer satisfaction associated with experiences from 14 ecological hotels in Ecuador by exploring online guest reviews and classifying the most influential factors. Design/methodology/approach: This study applied big data exploration, semantic network analysis, EFA and linear regression. It processed 22,629 online reviews from Google/travel, extracting 100 words with the highest frequency. In addition, CONCOR analysis built a comprehensive structural model gathering essential keywords. Furthermore, exploratory factor analysis and regression were conducted to explore the elements that best express customer satisfaction in ecological hotels. Findings: The words such as green, sustainable, recycle, environment and ecological were not found among the main attributes extracted. Nonetheless, the keywords obtained reflect customer satisfaction, revealing that green practices do not affect comfort and the guests' experience. CONCOR analysis displayed four categories associated with satisfaction: tangibles, experience, location and empathy. Then, EFA restructured and revealed the factors: facilities feature, assurance, reliability, location and experience. Lastly, the regression disclosed location, assurance and facilities features as the most significant factors for customer satisfaction in the 14 ecological hotels. The terms related to the hotel area, staff care and hotel amenities were decisive for guests. Practical implications: This study demonstrated that employee courtesy and location are the keys to enhancing customer experience and satisfaction. Hotel managers must promote green attributes and practices to increase customer awareness through constant staff training and information disclosure in common areas. Originality/value: These findings provide insight and empirical evidence for hoteliers to understand how and what guest perceive to be green practices. By identifying the main features or concepts associated with satisfaction in Ecuador's green hotels, hoteliers could address new strategies to respond to expectations, effectively satisfy customers and provide a superior experience. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited. BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Sustainable tourism is tourism development that has a long-term impact on the environment, society, culture, and the economy for the present and the future. The benefits are felt by local people and tourists. The achievement of this research is the implementation of pro-environmental behavior, which is supported by tourist satisfaction and electronic word of mouth toward sustainable tourism as a form of environmental management policy in West Sumatra. This research aims to show three direct effects: first, the effect of satisfaction and electronic word of mouth on the sustainability of tourism; second, the effect of satisfaction on electronic word of mouth; and third, three moderating effects of pro-environmental behavior, namely, moderating the influence of tourist satisfaction on tourism sustainability, moderating the influence of electronic word of mouth on tourism sustainability, and moderating the influence of satisfaction with electronic word of mouth. METHODS: This study is a quantitative study involving 420 tourists as respondents who visited West Sumatra from January to April 2023. Data analysis used partial least square–structural equation modeling. Structural equation modeling is a field of statistical study that can test a series of relationships that are relatively difficult to measure simultaneously. Partial least square is a component or variant-based structural equation model. FINDINGS: After analyzing the data, it was determined that of the six hypotheses proposed in this study, five were accepted and one was rejected. The rejected hypothesis states that with a significance level of 0.199?> 0.05, pro-environmental behavior does not moderate the effect of electronic word of mouth on the sustainability of tourism. These findings clarify that the impact of electronic word of mouth on the sustainability of tourism is not mitigated by pro-environmental conduct. CONCLUSION: When implementing sustainable tourism, not only economic factors are taken into account but also the preservation of nature and culture. Therefore, the stability of tourism in the future can be guaranteed without adversely impacting the environment. © This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). Emerging trends of smart tourism theories primarily focus on how information and communications technology and big data influence marketing, product, and destination development. However, an overt technical approach to formal outcomes, including products, services, and technology, diminishes concern for the social dimensions and practices of those involved. This chapter explores theoretical reviews and elaborates a few selected case studies of co-designing as an approach to evoking smart tourism experience through the all-inclusive hotel staycation experience. Through the integration of service-dominant logic and the Resource-Based View Theory Model, co-designing moves from designing for people to co-designing with people. The study highlights the co-designing between hotel management and the guests staying in the hotel. This approach is discussed in terms of stimulating a creative and “designerly mindset” in the search for latent possibilities by linking existing tourism practices in the hotel industry with technologies and big data and through new social relations between stakeholders. In smart tourism, key concepts for enhancing tourism experiences are described as “value-adding experiences” and “value co-creation” mediated by technology, smart devices, and real-time data. A central argument and contribution will be made in theorising that the potential value of big data to evoke innovation is only as great as the successful interplay of sensemaking and co-designs underpinning big data practices. Key discussion from the reviews include that smart tourism is collaborative and its successful creation requires the creating and sustaining of new relations in designing new experiences for tourists. © 2024 selection and editorial matter, Alastair M. Morrison and Dimitrios Buhalis; individual chapters, the contributors. This study explored the scientometrics and current dynamics of the area of sharing economy business models (SEBMs). Using bibliometric analysis, it examined a collection of 561 studies from the Web of Science and Scopus databases to detect the thematic evolution, strategy map, and emerging trends in SEBM literature as well as to forecast research directions. The results showed that SEBMs is a relatively new multidisciplinary research area that grew rapidly between 2014 and 2019; since then, the publication growth has flattened. Research on SEBMs currently focuses on sustainability, sustainable development, tourism, new technology application, and business management, with less attention given to social effects and public acceptance, determinants of success, and regional entrepreneurial ecosystem. The thematic analysis revealed that sustainability-oriented themes are at the center. Six emerging trends were detected: (1) industry-oriented research such as transportation, tourism, accommodation, energy, and others, (2) sustainability-oriented studies, including social, environmental, and economic perspectives, (3) sustainable organizational development concerning social acceptance, trust, legitimacy, and satisfaction, (4) new technology-oriented and innovation-focused studies such as blockchain, big data, social media, and e-platforms, (5) country- and region-oriented studies, particularly for emerging countries, (6) effects of entrepreneurial ecosystem factors on SEBM development. Based on the current thematic map and evolution, this paper suggests several critical research directions. The paper provides (1) providing a one-stop literature overview on SEBM area for two time slices: fast-growing-initiation phase (before COVID-19) and transitional phase (during COVID-19), (2) identifying research focuses, emerging trends, and gaps, (3) developing novel research avenues for investigation, and (4) aligning expected contributions to the area. By providing new knowledge, the research theoretically contributes to many disciplines given that SEBM studies were found to be multidisciplinary. It also has numerous implications for policymakers and practitioners. © 2023 RADMA and John Wiley & Sons Ltd. With the promotion of technologies such as the Internet, big data and 5G+, smart tourism is developing rapidly. Based on the connotation of smart tourism, this paper summarises the problems in ecotourism in Guilin, and then proposes initiatives to improve smart construction, innovate tourism activities and tourism products, introduce projects and talents, and improve smart services and marketing, in order to construct a new modelling of smart ecotourism and provide reference for the sustainable development of smart ecotourism. © 2023, Scibulcom Ltd.. All rights reserved. Due to the importance of the positive effects of urban forests on urban dwellers and the limitations of prior studies, which have mainly dealt with motivations involving rural or tourism-oriented forests, this study aims to develop a scale of visit motivation for an urban forest specifically as a way to deal with more diverse and specific motivations. The first step is to develop a draft version of the Urban Forest Visit Motivation Scale (UFVMS) through experts’ discussions of important factors from prior studies and the analysis of Big Data. Then, to confirm the reliability and validity of these items, 878 valid data of visitors of urban forests living in Seoul and Incheon were collected to conduct EFA and CFA to validate the final version of the scale. As a result of factor analysis, seven dimensions (Experience Activities, Healing and Rest, Health, Environmental Experience, Daily Leisure, Family, Eco-Friendly) with 24 items for the UFVMS were drawn after deleting 5 items that had a low standard regression weight on CFA or were unsuitable for the characteristics of a dimension. The results of this study are expected to provide academic and practical implications for urban forest visit motivation. In particular, unlike common purposes such as healing and health, the results indicate that the purpose of daily leisure-related activities is a notable factor of visiting urban forests, showing that there is also a high need for good-quality facilities such as food suppliers, toilets, and so on. This study will contribute to the academic development of research on UFVMS and the practical development for managers of urban forests in terms of planning a better management of the urban forest with a full understanding of visitors’ motivations. This improving management will contribute to the development of the social sustainability of urban citizens while giving various benefits. © 2022 by the authors. Handbook of Mobility Data Mining, Volume Two: Mobility Analytics and Prediction introduces the fundamental technologies of mobile big data mining (MDM), advanced AI methods, and upper-level applications, helping readers comprehensively understand MDM with a bottom-up approach. The book explains how to preprocess mobile big data, visualize urban mobility, simulate and predict human travel behavior, and assess urban mobility characteristics and their matching performance as conditions and constraints in transport, emergency management, and sustainability development systems. The book introduces how to design MDM platforms that adapt to the evolving mobility environment and new types of transportation and users. This helpful guide provides a basis for how to simulate and predict mobility data. After an introductory theory chapter, the book then covers crucial topics such as long-term mobility pattern analytics, mobility data generators, user information inference, Grid-based population density prediction, and more. The book concludes with a chapter on graph-based mobility data analytics. The information in this work is crucial for researchers, engineers, operators, company administrators, and policymakers in related fields, to comprehensively understand current technologies' infra-knowledge structure and limitations. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. Traffic monitoring and advanced urban analytics play an important role in city planning and in attaining sustainable mobility through data-driven decision-making. With the advent of open-sourced data initiatives, new data-sharing technologies and software, also analytical methods, and data integration techniques are forced to subsequent levels. In this paper, we present two pilot studies of a recently conducted national project, joining vehicle counts and the travel times to present roadway traffic flows. We introduce a targeted selection of indicators and demonstrate the applicability of travel time metrics and the vehicle count measures, by combining different open datasets and transferable analyses to advance the interpretation strength of the data. Concretely, we apply regression methods based on the cosinor model, which allows us to analyze the rhythmic behavior of travel time and congestion trends. Furthermore, following the principles of data integration and data reusability we examine, using regression modeling and cross-validation, the possibilities to interchangeably use the governmental roadway counting database, vehicle counting by WeCount Ljubljana Telraam database, and the travel times records sourced by Google Direction API. The data analyzed indicate the possible interchangeability in selected scenarios and confirm the prospective to be used as complementary systems in the city monitoring and for urban sustainability assessment. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. In recent years several projects have been realised in the field of transportation, but there is a lack of systematic analysis of research challenges connected to these projects. Thus, the main aim of this paper is to provide an overview of these challenges through EU funded projects in the field of smart, green and integrated transport. Based on EU strategic documents, reports and roadmaps, 10 topics are identified playing a crucial role in transportation-related research. A systematic analysis of the projects is realised, where the projects collected from an online database in the Horizon 2020 framework programme from 2015 to 2020 are cate-gorised into these topics. The results show that travel behaviour, big data and open data, sustainable mobility planning and smart solutions are covered by several projects which reflect the main research trends. While active and shared modes, multimodal transportation, trip optimisation and Mobility as a Service are also popular topics. Based on the results, the most underrepresented research areas are artificial intelligence and social networks. The analysis of the connections between the research topics could enable the achievement of a long-term paradigm shift in urban mobility, which is beneficial for researchers, professionals and policy makers. © 2023, Faculty of Transport and Traffic Engineering. All rights reserved. The aim of the research is the bibliometric analysis of research on COVID-19 and tourism in order to detect research lines and gaps, the main authors, the countries with the highest number of publications, the most analysed study areas, the journals with the most number of publications and the articles with the highest number of citations. The Web of Science (WOS) database was used to extract the publications and the VOSviewer software was used to represent the data analysed. The keywords used resulted in 1792 publications that were subjected to a filtering process to avoid introducing articles that did not meet the inclusion criteria. Finally, the analysis was composed by 921 publications. The analysis locates a new line of research that visualizes the crisis as an opportunity to propel a new, more sustainable tourism. Tourist perception and the risk of transmission, together with the analysis of measures and policies are other of the most researched topics. China is the country with the most articles on COVID-19 and tourism according to the author’s main affiliation, as well as being the most analysed area of study. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first article to carry out a bibliometric analysis of COVID-19 and tourism publications. © 2022, The Author(s). Decision intelligence is a wide-range term covering a broad latitude of decision-making techniques, uniting traditional and modern disciplines for the development and process of decision models. It transforms the uncertainty of multiple travel choices into the opportunity to provide safe and optimal travel options. Developing a user-oriented trip planner (TP) should complement decision intelligence. This possibility enables travellers to make more informed decisions since they will have greater visibility of what is happening at their chosen travel destinations. On the other side, it will be based on using a wide range of big data and analytics, improving user experience. Authors analyse the challenging aspect of Big Data (BD) fusion being used by a person, where extraction of information across multiple data sources for travel planning is required. The research aims to develop a personalised trip planner concept for Riga city, which considers all aspects of public transport service quality. The offered concept of the user-oriented TP allows the creation of customer-oriented, safe and sustainable recommendations based on personal preferences and presented in a ranking of possible travel routes. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. This paper evaluates the sustainability efficiency of tourism across 27 countries in the European Union for the years 2015–2019. The proposed approach is based on the data analysis envelopment (DEA) methodology and uses different economic, social and environmental indicators. A non-oriented, slacks-based inefficiency (SBI) model is proposed. Efficiency scores and targets for each country in each year are computed and discussed. Given the relatively large number of countries labelled relative efficient, a Super-SBI approach is used to rank the efficient countries. A discussion of the results of this study and a comparison with the efficiency results given in recent related works is presented. The analysis provides valuable information, such as identifying the countries with the best tourism sustainability practices, for the challenging task of rebuilding the sector and retaking the observed pre-pandemic trend of increasing tourism sustainability. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Tourism is becoming increasingly relevant at different levels, intensifying its impact on the environmental, the economic and the social spheres. For this reason, the study of this rapidly evolving sector is important for many disciplines and requires to be quickly updated. This chapter provides an overview and general guidelines on the potential use of new data and computational methods to enhance tourism’s knowledge base, encourage their institutional adoption and, ultimately, foster a more sustainable tourism. First, the chapter delivers a brief review of the literature on new data sources and innovative computational methods that can significantly improve our understanding of tourism, addressing the big data revolution and the emergence of new analytic tools, such as artificial intelligence (AI) or machine learning (ML). Then, the chapter provides some guidelines and applications of these new datasets and methods, articulated around three topics: (1) measuring the environmental impacts of tourism, (2) assessing the socio-economic resilience of the tourism sector and (3) uncovering new tourists’ preferences, facilitating the digital transition and fostering innovation in the tourism sector. © The Author(s) 2023. Reducing inequality and promoting sustainable economic development have become two of the most pressing concerns for global economies. Since economic and tourism development cannot occur without involving issues surrounding natural resources, perceptions and opinions regarding sustainability cannot be excluded from deliberations when it comes to economic development. However, coordination between local governments, business stakeholders, and other community members of a local economy is imperative in order to effectively promote the development of sustainable tourism. Therefore, this paper aims to further explore the idea of developing sustainable tourism and local economic development (LED) by determining whether there are any differences between the local government, business stakeholders, and the community regarding their perceptions of the importance of tourism sustainability in a local economy. This study follows a quantitative approach using primary data collected via a questionnaire distributed to the three groups. SPSS was used to conduct data analysis, with the results indicating a statistically significant difference concerning the natural and cultural sustainability of the Vaal Triangle region, South Africa. For example, business stakeholders believed that natural and cultural sustainability presented a major challenge to regional development. However, the local government did not recognise these factors as significant or challenging to regional development. This study contributes to the research gap on tourism sustainability and its critical role in influencing the local economies. © 2022, WSB University. All rights reserved. Energy intensity improvement is an influential policy agenda for global environmental problem-solving and sustainability enhancement. This study focuses on inter-regional networks’ impact on energy intensity and statistically examines whether the improvement of such networks promotes a modal shift from passenger vehicles to railways. The results indicate the nonlinear relationship between the improvement of inter-regional networks and the variation of the passenger vehicle sector’s energy consumption. Furthermore, the results reveal that the laying of high-speed railways, which helps strengthen inter-regional networks, can significantly improve regional energy intensity. This result has valuable implications for Japan’s national land plan. The high-quality transportation infrastructure, such as high-speed railways, to be introduced in the country can potentially change the energy consumption patterns in inter-regional travel and improve energy intensity. Our results suggest that the installation of the high-speed railway will effectively reduce carbon dioxide emissions. This revelation is expected to provide new policy evidence to scholars and policymakers. © 2020, The Japan Section of the Regional Science Association International. Motorization has been escalating rapidly in developing countries, posing a severe challenge to sustainable urban mobility. In the past two decades, car-sharing has emerged as one of the most prominent alternatives to facilitate smart mobility solutions, thereby helping to reduce air pollution and traffic congestion. However, before its full-scale deployment, it is essential to understand the consumers’ acceptance of car-sharing systems. This study aimed to assess the public perception and acceptance of the car-sharing system through a stated preference (SP) questionnaire in the city of Lahore, Pakistan. The collected data contained detailed information on various service attributes of three alternative modes (car-sharing, private car, and taxi) in addition to the sociodemographic attributes of respondents. Data analysis and interpretation were performed using econometric models such as the Multinomial Logit Model (MNL), the Nested Logit Model (NL), and the Random Parameter Logit Model (RPL). Study findings revealed that several generic attributes such as travel time, travel cost, waiting time, and privacy were predicated as significant influential factors towards the adoption of car-sharing. Sociodemographic attributes, including age, education, monthly income, the individuals who had driver’s licenses, and frequency of travel in a week, were also found to be significant. The findings of the current study can provide valuable insights to stakeholders and transportation planners in formulating effective policies for car-sharing. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Background: Despite the global reduction in under-five mortality, still many children die before their fifth birthday in Ethiopia. The main aim of this study was to identify determinants of under-five mortality using count data regression models based on 2019 Ethiopia mini demography and health survey data. Methods: The data source for this study was the 2019 Ethiopia mini demography and health survey data. Various count data regression models were applied to identify the determinants of under-five mortality. Results: A total of 5,535 mothers with children aged 0–59 months were included in the study. Of the total, 1,277 (23.07%) women had lost at least one child by death before celebrating fifth birthday. Zero-Inflated Poisson model was found to be the best model, and it revealed that mother's age, marital status, mother's age at 1st birth, place of delivery, current contraceptive type used, type of cooking fuel, residence, region, religion, time to get drinking water, number of children at home, birth order, and birth type were significant factors that determine U5 mortality in Ethiopia. Mothers aged 15–24 years (IRR = 1.24, p = 0.007) and above 24 years (IRR = 1.66, p = 0.000) at their 1st births, mothers from rural area (IRR = 1.27, p = 0.000), mothers traveled for 1–30 min (IRR = 1.62, p = 0.000) and >30 min (IRR = 1.82, p = 0.000) to get drinking water, mothers used charcoal (IRR = 1.86, p = 0.009) and wood (IRR = 1.64, p = 0.033), children with birth order of 2nd-3rd (IRR = 3.91, p = 0.000), 4th -5th (IRR = 13.14, p = 0.000), 5th and above (IRR = 38.17, p = 0.000), and multiple born children (IRR = 1.5, p = 0.000) had higher risk of under-five mortality while mothers aged 25–34 years (IRR = 0.73, p = 0.000), unmarried mothers (IRR = 0.68, p = 0.004), mothers delivered in public health sectors (IRR = 0.59, p = 0.000), mothers used Pill/IUD (IRR = 0.64, p = 0.018), mothers who had 3 to 5 (IRR = 0.51, p = 0.000) and more than 5 (IRR = 0.27, p = 0.000) children at home had lower risk of under-five mortality. Conclusions: Mothers should be encouraged to deliver at health institutions. Mothers also should be given awareness to use Pill/IUD contraceptive type. Moreover, facilitating rural areas to get electricity and drinking water near to homes helps to reduce the burden of U5M and to be in line with sustainable development goal. © 2022 Tourism urbanization produces a transfer and concentration of elements, which greatly promotes the reshaping of urban spatial patterns. As a concentrated expression of urban tourism elements, tourism and leisure business pattern is the main factor in shaping the spatial pattern of tourism cities, while the public transportation network structure is the product of the interaction between urban space and functional elements. The interaction influence law between them presents unique characteristics in space against the background of tourism urbanization. Therefore, to study the spatial correlation between the public transportation network and tourism and leisure industry patterns in the context of tourism urbanization, this study uses the main urban area of Lijiang as a case study, and introduces transportation network centrality as a key indicator to portray the accessibility of public transportation in the urban activity space and urban transportation location advantage. It constructs a comprehensive public transportation network centrality indicator by effectively integrating network polycentricity indicators and portrays the spatial pattern of the tourism industry based on urban POI data. It uses the spatial data analysis method to analyze the spatial distribution characteristics and patterns of the public transportation network centrality and tourism and leisure business. Additionally, it employs the bivariate spatial autocorrelation model to analyze the spatial coupling between the two. First, the research shows that the centrality of the public transportation network shows a "core-edge, " cross-shaped, mono-core structure centered on the ancient city of Lijiang, while the suburbs form a relatively scattered and independent block structure, consistent with the law of distance decay. Second, the tourism and leisure industry in Lijiang as a whole forms a spatial distribution pattern of block-like aggregation, north-south axial extension, and multi-center cluster development, showing the typical characteristics of the development of the surrounding tourism and leisure industry that is driven by the ancient town's scenic spot as the focal point. Third, the spatial distribution of the five operational types of tourism and leisure industries all show a significant positive spatial correlation with the centrality of the public transportation network, Meanwhile, the spatial distribution of the two types of industries—hotel accommodation and tourist attractions—is highly dependent on the ancient town under the influence of its tourism business model, and the high concentration of facilities and resources results in an overall lower degree of centrality of coupling with the public transport network than the other three types of industries: catering, shopping and entertainment. Fourth, the local spatial coupling pattern is dominated by high-high aggregation and low-low aggregation, while the ancient city and its surroundings typically represent the high-high aggregation area. This is not only an important bearing space for the tourism and leisure business elements, but also a hub of the urban public transportation network, which effectively explains the directionality of the public transportation resource allocation against the backdrop of tourism urbanization. Fifthly, the spatial coupling relationship between the spatial pattern of tourism and leisure industry and urban public transportation network is the result of the role of factor concentration and function spillover in the process of tourism urbanization, and the interaction law of the two is the reflection of the spatial emergence of the coupled subsystem under the role of tourism urbanization. Based on the two-way perspective of public transportation and tourism, this study conducts empirical research with a typical example of tourist cities, with the aim of deepening the understanding of tourist elements and the layout of the public transportation network in tourist cities. It reveals the spatial characteristics of tourist urbanization in the current development stage and provides an idea to realize a comprehensive urban service space of host-guest sharing for tourists and local residents. Additionally, this study offers a practical reference to promote a rational allocation of urban public transportation resources to realize the sustainable development of tourist cities. © 2022 by the authors. Sharing economy research has risen exponentially during the last 4 years. Although several theoretical revisions on this topic have been developed, a conceptual analysis based on bibliometric techniques and science mapping tools is lacking. Within this framework, this article has two aims: (i) to carry on a performance analysis to identify the outstanding themes and (ii) to visually present the scientific structure by topics of research in sharing-collaborative economy as well as its evolution to identify future directions. The resources in the Web of Science Citation Index were used. Intelligent techniques and, more specifically, the SciMAT tool (based on co-word analysis and h-index analysis) were applied using a sample of 940 indexed papers from 2010 to 2020 (with 10.652 global citations). Our results show that the new post-pandemic era requires the sharing economy industry to investigate alternative ways: to improve trust, to innovate, to search for authenticity and experiences, to attend tourist motivations based on sustainability, and to use big data and manage overtourism. © The Author(s) 2021. Background: Hiking is one of the most popular forms of exercise in the alpine region. However, besides its health benefits, hiking is the alpine activity with the highest incidence of cardiac events. Most incidents occur due to overexertion or underestimation of the physiological strain of hiking. Objective: This project will establish a standardized cardio trekking test trail to evaluate the exercise capacity of tourists within hiking areas and deliver a tool for the prevention of hiking-associated cardiac incidents. Further, individual exercise intensity for a hiking tour will be predicted and visualized in digital maps. Methods: This cooperation study between Austria and Germany will first validate a 1-km outdoor cardio trekking test trail at 2 different study sites. Then, exercise intensity measures on 8-km hiking trails will be evaluated during hiking to estimate overall hiking intensity. A total of 144 healthy adults (aged >45 years) will perform a treadmill test in the laboratory and a 1-km hiking test outdoors. They will wear a portable spirometry device that measures gas exchange, as well as heart rate, walking speed, ventilation, GPS location, and altitude throughout the tests. Estimation models for exercise capacity based on measured parameters will be calculated. Results: The project “Connect2Move” was funded in December 2019 by the European Regional Development Fund (INTERREG V-A Programme Austria-Bavaria - 2014-2020; Project Number AB296). “Connect2Move” started in January 2020 and runs until the end of June 2022. By the end of April 2022, 162 participants were tested in the laboratory, and of these, 144 were tested outdoors. The data analysis will be completed by the end of June 2022, and results are expected to be published by the end of 2022. Conclusions: Individual prediction of exercise capacity in healthy individuals with interest in hiking aims at the prevention of hiking-associated cardiovascular events caused by overexertion. Integration of a mathematical equation into existing hiking apps will allow individual hiking route recommendations derived from individual performance on a standardized cardio trekking test trail. © Barbara Mayr, Maximilian Beck, Laura Eisenberger, Verena Venek, Christina Kranzinger, Andrea Menzl, Bernhard Reich, Veronika Hornung-Prähauser, Renate Oberhoffer-Fritz, Birgit Böhm, Josef Niebauer. The explosive growth of ride-hailing as a new mode of transportation worldwide has attracted great attention from both academic and planning communities. Ride-hailing services have induced profound changes in residential travel patterns. However, the mechanisms and spatio-temporal roles of the influence the built environment imposes on ride-hailing services remain unclear. Based on ride-hailing GPS data and Web map big data, in this study, spatio-temporal entropy indicators of ride-hailing travel behavior and fine-scaled built environment indicators are constructed. Based on these, global and local regression models are developed to explore the spatio-temporal impact mechanisms of various built environments and socio-economic factors on ride-hailing travel in Chengdu, China. A strong correlation is found between various types of built environment and the spatio-temporal entropy of ride-hailing travel. Specifically, whether working on weekdays or weekends, building density and education facilities impose a significant inhibitory effect on ride-hailing spatio-temporal entropy, while mixed land use, house prices, catering, corporate businesses, lifestyle facilities, tourist attractions, and distance to transit significantly increase ride-hailing spatio-temporal entropy. In addition, the uncertain geographic context and the differences in residents' activities on different days of the week cause significant spatio-temporal heterogeneity in the impact the built environment has on ride-hailing spatio-temporal entropy. Noteworthy, mixed land use exerts the strongest promoting effect on ride-hailing and a positive effect on ride-hailing pick-ups and drop-offs in the whole region. The intensity of this effect tends to decay gradually from the urban center to the periphery. Furthermore, ride-hailing can both substitute for and complement public transport. More interestingly, the study also found an “olive-shaped” social structure between the socio-economic level and the demand for ride-hailing. This study thus not only enriches the theory of spatial behavior within the context of the new era, the results also help planners to reduce car travel dependence by optimizing the built environment. This holds important practical significance for sustainable urban development. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd Environmental sustainability is essential in tourism literature, and sun-and-beach tourism (SBT) is one of the most popular subsections of the tourism field. The appropriate policies and strategies during the COVID-19 pandemic to revive SBT growth through the lens of the regulatory dimension (RED) and risk dimension (RID) of environmental sustainability are gaining timely ground to conduct this research. The current study examined the nexus between SBT, RED, and RID utilizing three novel indexes (i.e., weighted sun-and-beach tourism index, weighted regulatory dimension index, and weighted risk dimension index) by employing the principal component analysis within the framework of six stages of empirical estimation strategy. These three novel indexes combine the most commonly used SBT, RED, and RID indicators. This research tested the CSD and homogeneous, then employed the second generation CIPS-CADF panel unit root test, used an AMG estimator, and employed the panel Toda-Yamamoto (PTY) causality test. The findings revealed that the RED positively influences SBT while the RID mitigates SBT. Results also indicate bidirectional causality between SBT, RID, and RED. In other words, changes in RID and RED have predictive power for the SBT, which further highlights the role of SBT on the RID and RED. Therefore, concerned authorities can focus on environmental sustainability design initiatives and appropriate policy/strategy implications to boost SBT. © 2022 The Author(s) Advanced technologies are leading to a vital change in city life and turning the urban planning development plans. The new technical development initiatives have evolutionary transform the urban infrastructure by optimizing planning of resources use and through information technology systems. Post COVID-19 raised interesting question that if another pandemic or major threat in the future, would urban areas be sufficiently prepared to respond based on the lessons learned from the COVID-19 pandemic? This paper highlights the Expo City Dubai case in light of smart city and smart tourism destination. The emphasis is on dual approach of usage of smart technologies as residential areas and tourist place in term of planning and provision of facilities. This research figure out the planning instruments applied in smart strategies in Expo City by focusing on how sustainability indicators are considered under the smart paradigm. The discussion revealed that Expo City is fulfilling the requirements of being a smart destination by displaying novel technical applications of 5G, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Internet of Things (IoT) and robotics. The final discussion contextualizes by proposing potential areas of synthesis, applications for planning practice, and areas of future research in sustainable urban city planning.  © 2022 IEEE. This study explores the spatial structure of regional tourism cooperation networks among 27 cities in the Yangtze River Delta from the perspective of supply and demand. Data from the supply network were collected from official news released by the Chinese government and quotations for tour routes published by travel agencies. Travel notes published on tourists' blog community platforms about their travel experiences were used as source data for the demand network. The degree of cooperation between the cities was analyzed based on the frequency of occurrence and co-occurrence of information on tourist attractions or cities in the Yangtze River Delta region in tourist notes, tourist route quotes, and official news. This study divides 27 cities in the Yangtze River Delta region into three categories: those where supply matches demand (e.g., Shanghai and Nanjing), nine cities where there is a demand lag (e.g., Zhenjiang), and 16 cities where there is a supply lag (e.g., Wuxi). Investigating the differences between the supply and demand networks is helpful to understand the effectiveness of regional tourism cooperation mechanisms and government policies, which is crucial for the sustainability and good governance of regional tourism. Copyright: © 2022 Wang et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited. Communities next to national parks, known as gateway communities, can benefit from national park development. Gateway communities are unique and limited in the degree to which, and direction in which, they can be developed. In this research, Banff National Park was used as a case study to explore residents' perceptions of the impact of national park tourism via a survey questionnaire distributed in communities at three different spatial levels (core, intermediate, and remote portal). The data analyses were based on a sample of 231 respondents and were processed using factor analysis and linear regression models for different communities. The results identified six impact factors, and the differences in each community were analyzed. The findings indicated that residents' perceptions of the impacts of tourism in the town of Canmore rank first, followed by those of Banff and Golden. The regression analysis revealed that Banff was found to have the most supportive residents, and their support for tourism was found to be significantly affected by community natural environmental factors and cultural development factors. Canmore residents were mainly affected by cultural factors. Golden residents were least supportive due to through natural environmental factors and quality of life factors. An adaptive analysis revealed that Banff has the closest economic relationship with national park tourism, and Golden the weakest. Balancing the positive and negative impacts of tourism, exploring more cultural service functions of the communities, seeking a more diverse industrial structure, planning year-round tourism, and cooperating with other communities to ensure local benefits are recommended. The findings may provide an additional understanding of the local perceptions of tourism impacts and local support from a spatial perspective and can help sustainable tourism management by assisting communities to optimize the tourism industry structure and local management strategies. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V. Travel time data and variability of travel times can be used to quantify the network performance as an important aspect of sustainable development in modern cities. We introduce a data collection and analysis framework to be employed as an integral part of a neighbourhood sustainability assessment (NSA). The proposed framework performs a targeted selection and evaluation of indicators based on publicly available traffic data, specifically addressing short-term observations of travel times and traffic counts. Entailing a hybrid and modular approach, we demonstrate the applicability of travel time reliability measures by combining different datasets, various variability estimators, and visualisation methods, to advance the interpretation strength of the assessment. Implemented are regression methods based on cosinor models, which allow us to analyse the rhythmic behaviour of travel time trends. These models can be applied to assess the differential rhythmicity among different factors, like route, weather conditions and type of day (i.e., weekend or workday). Further, the same datasets are used to evaluate two reliability metrics, i.e., a travel time index and a planning time index. We demonstrate the application of the suggested framework on several strategic routes associated with three testbed neighbourhoods in Ljubljana, Slovenia. The results show that average travel times and their variations are affected by route, day of the week, and weather conditions, and correlate with vehicles count data. Analyses of rhythmicity give straightforward insights into travel time trends, appropriate for comparative analysis and thus well-suited for use in NSA and monitoring practices. To the best of our knowledge, this work presents the first study quantifying reliability indicators intended for integration with NSA standards. © 2022 The Authors Mineral resource exploitation is one of the activities that contribute to economic growth and the development of society. Artisanal and small-scale mining (ASM) is one of these activities. Unfortunately, there is no clear consensus to define ASM. However, its importance is relevant in that it represents, in some cases, the only employment alternative for millions of people, although it also significantly impacts the environment. This work aims to investigate the scientific information related to ASM through a bibliometric analysis and, in addition, to define the new lines that are tending to this field. The study comprises three phases of work: (i) data collection, (ii) data processing and software selection, and (iii) data interpretation. The results reflect that the study on ASM developed intensively from 2010 to the present. In general terms, the research addressed focuses on four interrelated lines: (i) social conditioning factors of ASM, (ii) environmental impacts generated by ASM, (iii) mercury contamination and its implication on health and the environment, and (iv) ASM as a livelihood. The work also defines that geotourism in artisanal mining areas is a significant trend of the last decade, explicitly focusing on the conservation and use of the geological and mining heritage and, in addition, the promotion of sustainable development of ASM. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. To create quality decision-making tools that would contribute to transport sustainability, we need to build models relying on accurate, timely, and sufficiently disaggregated data. In spite of today’s ubiquity of big data, practical applications are still limited and have not reached technology readiness. Among them, passively generated telecom data are promising for studying travel-pattern generation. The objective of this study is twofold. First, to demonstrate how telecom data can be fused with other data sources and used to feed up a traffic model. Second, to simulate traffic using an agent-based approach and assess the emission produced by the model’s scenario. Taking Novi Sad as a case study, we simulated the traffic composition at 1-s resolution using the GAMA platform and calculated its emission at 1-h resolution. We used telecom data together with population and GIS data to calculate spatial-temporal movement and imported it to the ABM. Traffic flow was calibrated and validated with data from automatic vehicle counters, while air quality data was used to validate emissions. The results demonstrate the value of using diverse data sets for the creation of decision-making tools. We believe that this study is a positive endeavor toward combining big data and ABM in urban studies. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. The future of opencast mining and energy production based on conventional resources is one of the most important issues being discussed in international forums. The whole discussion is becoming increasingly heated and takes on a special significance with the drastic increase in energy commodity prices that has occurred with the outbreak of war in Ukraine. Especially in a country like Poland, these issues are accompanied by heated discussions between miners, the government and citizens. It should be emphasised that Polish lignite mining currently produces about 35% of the cheapest electricity in Poland and also creates many jobs. The aim of this study is to assess the possibility of continuing opencast mining and its impact on rural development—both from an environmental and socio-economic point of view. The study was conducted for two municipalities in Poland where opencast lignite mining plays an important role, namely Kleszczów and Kleczew. As a result, it was found that in the case of the studied municipalities, the presence of opencast mining has contributed to their development, and the application of modern environmental protection technologies and recultivation have reduced the difficulties associated with mining. On the other hand, the decision to start mining should be the result of a comparison between the potential environmental and social benefits and damages. In some cases, mining is beneficial for community development and leads to new opportunities for agriculture and tourism after reclamation. The study is a combination of different methods, i.e., case studies, GIS remote sensing analysis (based on Landsat data) and econometric analysis for selected socio-economic data. © 2022 by the authors. Leisure agriculture can meet the leisure needs of residents and promote farmers’ income, which is an important way to achieve rural revitalization. However, the unreasonable spatial patterns and weak competitiveness of leisure agriculture seriously restrict its sustainable development. This paper proposes a framework for optimizing leisure agriculture development, including spatial patterns analysis of leisure agriculture based on big data, quality analysis of leisure agriculture based on tourists’ perceptions, and strategies for optimizing leisure agriculture based on spatial patterns and tourists’ perceptions. Taking Wuhan city as an example, the results show that: 1) the main types of leisure agriculture are leisure farms, fishing, and picking gardens, showing an agglomerative distribution pattern; 2) considering tourists’ emotional perceptions, most comments are positive, and leisure farms should enhance the tourist experience; 3) tourists’ dissatisfaction mainly involves the environment, price, and travel, while product and service factors are relatively satisfactory; and 4) moderate agglomeration is beneficial to the quality of leisure agriculture, while excessive agglomeration has adverse effects. This study explores the development law of regional leisure agriculture, improves the relevant theoretical research system and methods, and provides decision-making references for promoting the development of leisure agriculture. Copyright © 2022 Wang, Wu, Yang, Bao, Zhu and Wang. The proceedings contain 11 papers. The topics discussed include: impacts of climate change on tourism areas in Germany: an overview of recommended adaptation measures and their communication; sustainable hotel design strategies: tourism as a tool for circular bioeconomy in fragile ecosystems; cold-water recreational diving experiences: the case of kelp forests; fishing tourism and sustainability in the Canary Islands, Spain; rural tourism under the new normal: new potentials from a Japanese perspective; new paradigm of spiritual tourism: adding an important layer to sustainable tourism; strategic management of tourism sustainability through the Greek stakeholders’ perspective on the impacts of events: the case of Patras’ Carnival, Greece; role of artificial intelligence and big data analytics in smart tourism: a resource-based view approach; in search of the desired sustainable tourism: a review of life cycle assessment (LCA) tourism studies; and sustainable practices in hotels in Sri Lanka: analysis of environmentally sustainable aspects. Transit-oriented development (TOD) is an integrated urban and transport planning approach that aims to mitigate urban sprawl and car use, enhance neighborhood livability, increase public transport use, and promote sustainable mobility. Although TOD is widely accepted by aca-demics, planners, and policymakers, the question of how citizens acknowledge its expected benefits remains open. This paper explores citizen satisfaction and perceptions of their neighborhood and investigates their awareness of TOD’s potential for sustainable revitalization and regeneration of metro areas in Thessaloniki, a compact Mediterranean city that is introducing a new urban rail sys-tem. Our research is based on a questionnaire survey, conducted within the catchment areas of two future metro stations, which present different spatial and socio-economic characteristics. For the data analysis, we use inferential statistics analysis and ordinal logistics regression to investigate the variations in citizens’ perceptions. Findings reveal that even if there is a statistical difference between people’s perceptions regarding the main spatial features of their neighborhoods, respondents in both areas express similar major concerns about public space, walkability issues, transit quality, and the positive effects that the metro could offer regarding urban revitalization and development. Furthermore, age, income, and personal travel behaviors appear to be significantly related to the level of satisfaction with public transport and the willingness to increase transit use because of the metro. We argue that citizens’ pre-construction surveys can support local policy makers in tailing and optimizing a TOD project implementation based on the community’s needs and priorities. Such surveys operate as knowledge production platforms to strengthen policy efficiency and reinforce the feelings of trust between citizens and local policy makers. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Bike-sharing systems implemented in cities with good bike lane networks could potentiate a modal shift from short car trips, boosting sustainable mobility. Both passenger and last-mile goods transportation can benefit from such systems and, in fact, bike sharing (dockless or with docking stations) is increasing worldwide, especially in Europe. This research focused on a European city, Lisbon, and the e-bike sharing system GIRA, in its early deployment, in 2018, where it had about 409 bikes of which 30% were non-electric conventional bikes and 70% were e-bikes. The research aims at answering the main research questions: (1) What is the number of trips per day and travel time in conventional bikes and e-bikes?; (2) Do the daily usage peaks follow the trends of other modes of transport in terms of rush hours?; (3) Are there seasonality patterns in its use (weekdays and weekends, workdays and holiday periods)?; (4) How do climate conditions affect its use?; and finally, (5) What would be the impact on final energy consumption and GHG emissions? The dataset for 2018 regarding GIRA trips (distance, time, conventional or e-bike, docking station origin and destination) and weather (temperature, wind speed, relative humidity, precipitation) was available from Lisbon City Hall by means of the program “Lisboa aberta”. Data regarding the profile of the users (which trips GIRA replaces?) and data regarding electricity consumption were not available. The latter was estimated by means of literature e-bike data and electric motor specifications combined with powertrain efficiency. Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions were estimated by using the latest Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) CO2 equivalents and a spreadsheet simulator for the Portuguese electricity GHG intensity, which was adaptable to other countries/locations. In a private car fleet dominated by fossil fuels and internal combustion engines, the e-bike sharing system is potentially avoiding 36 Ton GHG/year and reducing the energy consumption by 451 GJ/year. If the modal shift occurs from walking or urban bus to an e-bike sharing system, the impact will be detrimental for the environment. © 2022 by the authors. This chapter examines the advancement of science and technology and its prospect for blue growth in South Asia. The blue growth in South Asia has multiple prospects and opportunities including fisheries and aquaculture, shipping and shipbreaking coastal tourism, port development, and marine-based energy. To achieve a growth pattern that makes consumption more efficient, production more subtle, and interventions more mechanized, the intervention of technology in blue growth is essential. The existing sectors are utilizing technological innovation such as marine aquaculture, technologies for exploration and decommission of offshore oil and gas platforms, ballast wastewater management technologies, oil spill management technologies, digital navigation and sea traffic management, and biotechnology. The studies indicated that the presence of these technologies has a positive impact on growth of blue economy sectors. However, the South Asian region still lacks major breakthroughs in investment when it comes to technologies such as satellite sensors and imagery techniques for exploration and management, big data, information technologies, and digitalization for improving port services and advancement in biotechnology and pharmaceutical technologies. For the successful utilization of oceanic resources while preserving the environment, the South Asian regions need technological advancement, innovation, collaboration, and integrated policy options. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2022. Background: Butia is a genus palm species from South America. Currently, the species of this genus are threatened with extinction in Brazil. This work aimed to understand the ethnobotanical relationships with Butia palm groves, how this process has been built, and how it contributes to the in situ conservation of its native genetic resources. Methods: The methodology consisted of conducting semi-structured interviews with an ethnobotanical emphasis. Statistical methods and informant indexes were applied, mixing theoretical discussions with data analysis to assist in understanding the results. Results: 16 uses for butiá (the fruit of Butia palm) were cited by the interviewed. The most cited was the consumption of fresh fruit. The contact with the Butia palm groves varied between daily and seasonal. The activities associated with the Butia palm groves ecosystems were tourism and livestock. Proposals for their conservation refer to partnerships between private initiatives and public institutions associated with public policies and legal reserves. Discussion: The Butia palm groves are integral to local communities' identities. Choices related to Butia palm groves impact communities, just as the Butia palm groves also impact local populations. Conclusions: The Butia palm groves have great sociocultural and biological importance. The bond shared between people and the Butia palm groves goes beyond borders, and its conservation can be related to good practices of extraction, sustainable management and also through public policies and specific legislation aimed at protecting this environment. © 2022, Ilia State University, Institute of Botany, Department of Ethnobotany. All rights reserved. Based on the recent development of urban smart public transport and its status in China, this study systematically reviews four crucial research areas, including the analysis of passenger flow characteristics, operations management, network design and optimization, and system evaluation. The limitations of existing researches and future research directions in the four areas are discussed. Correspondingly, this study examines the emerging trends of urban smart public transport from four aspects: intelligent recognition and prediction of passenger flow characteristics, urban smart public transport operations in complex scenarios, urban smart public transport network design and optimization, and urban smart public transport service evaluation. The primary research questions associated with each aspect are proposed. Particularly, this paper identifies the following four urgent research topics, including (i) mining passengers' complete travel chain information and providing integrated urban smart public transport travel services; (ii) integrating and optimizing public transport infrastructure layout and operational efficiency from the perspective of land use and transportation integration; (iii) building a three-dimensional bus operation and evaluation system from the perspectives of the government, enterprises, and users, based on their multi-level development needs; and (iv) building an integrated urban smart public transport travel service platform. Furthermore, in viewing the current development of urban smart public transport, this paper summarizes its current status and points out the shortcomings of existing research and critical scientific issues. It is revealed that integrated applications of emerging and disruptive technologies, such as big data, cloud computing, autonomous driving, intelligent, connected, and new energy vehicles, offered new opportunities and challenges in providing multimodal urban smart transport services and promoting sustainable urban development. However, new technologies will not spontaneously improve public transport services and accelerate sustainable urban development. Finally, this study emphasizes that future research needs to strengthen the multi-disciplinary intersection, highlight the combination of industry, university, and research, and provide strong scientific support for the high-quality development of urban smart urban public transport in China. Copyright © 2022 by Science Press. Purpose: This study aims to present a holistic synopsis of the current scientific structure of inbound tourism research and suggest further research directions. Design/methodology/approach: A 30-year bibliometric analysis was conducted using the Web of Science Core Collection database through CiteSpace, covering 568 Social Sciences Citation Index articles. Findings: This study systematically identifies the evolution of scientific structures and emerging research trends in the inbound tourism field. The findings show that: co-authorship patterns reveal a trend of international cooperation; the evolution of research themes is consistent with the development of the macro-environment and inbound tourism industry, the most recent focus being on sustainable development of destinations; varied multivariate data analysis methods dominate current empirical analysis; there exist three major research dimensions in the inbound tourism field; and unilateral political factors in destinations and bilateral linkage factors affecting inbound tourism demand have aroused research interest increasingly. Practical implications: This study helps scholars and practitioners understand the current issues and needs of the inbound tourism industry and develops a future research agenda to promote the industry’s continuous development. Originality/value: This study is the first attempt to provide insights into the theoretical development of inbound tourism over the past three decades from the perspective of a knowledge-based platform and further facilitate sustainable development of the industry. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited. Introduction: Tourism is one of the fastest growing industries in the world and an important source of income, taxes and jobs while being closely linked to social, economic and environmental well-being of many countries, especially of the developing countries. Sustainable tourism can be considered as an extension of the sustainability concept in the tourism sector, to meet the current needs of tourists, without compromising the possibilities of future generations to satisfy their own needs. The sustainable development of the tourism sector cannot be achieved if certain social groups will not be able to continue accessing tourism services and, at the same time, if the negative aspects of the environmental impact are neglected. The components of sustainable development actually form the core of social innovation activities. New business models, digital devices, user-generated content, big data and online commerce have positive effects on sustainable tourism. But the quality of the tourist product is influenced by the quality of the human factor. Activities that can be performed remotely will be based on new technologies, which require new skills and competencies for employees. It is necessary to reconfigure the implementation of the tourist services process, in which the human interaction is reduced and, at the same time, the client experience is stimulated. The COVID-19 crisis can be considered a catalytic moment to reconsider the growth trajectory of the tourism industry, in the sense that all activities can be reorganised so that the development of tourism is sustainable, with a less destructive impact on the social and environmental component. Aim: The purpose of this chapter is to review the valences of sustainable tourism in the context of societal changes at the European level. Method: An extensive literature review was carried out and then the authors discussed the critical issues affecting sustainable tourism. To achieve this, the authors incorporated findings from various researches into four categories. The result is a new perspective and a new potential framework for analysis. Findings: The authors identified four critical factors that have the potential to influence the sustainable tourism development: social innovation, digitalisation, management of crisis situations and human capital development. Originality of the Study: This chapter offers a new perspective on the factors that influence the sustainable tourism. These new factors offer potential for further in-depth analysis and refinement. © 2022 by Emerald Publishing Limited. Purpose: Taking a retrospective view, the present study aims to investigate the resilience of shared facilities (accommodation) across India in the post-pandemic period. More specifically, it explores the issues and challenges in implementing sustainable practices in the long run taking a dual perspective of both consumers and service providers. Design/methodology/approach: A mixed-method study was pursued in exploring the future resilience of the shared facilities in the post-pandemic period. A multi-method triangulation approach was adopted involving both data collection and data analysis. Primary data was collected through focus group sessions and analysed through a grounded theory study. Whereas, secondary data was extracted from Twitter and processed through textual data mining using the NVivo (12 Pro) software. Critical themes and sentiments were explored through the dual study and a corroboration process was followed thereon to support the findings. Findings: The dual study extracted major themes pertaining to the present pandemic scenario wherein recovery strategies are at the top priority for all tourism service providers. Among the major themes tourists 2019 passiveness towards the environment existing misconceptions with shared facilities and situational perspective emerged as critical issues worrying service providers in the post-pandemic period. Furthermore the sentiment analysis indicated a positive start to the recovery measures wherein both tourist and tour operators are confident to embrace and restore the shared facilities/business respectively with additional care and responsibilities. Originality/value: The novelty of the study lies in the identification of critical themes and sentiments concerning the future resilience of the shared economy businesses post-pandemic period in Indian tourism which can have a generalized effect across the world. Moreover, the study corroborated the findings of the dual study where similarities among the themes were observed. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited. Technology has brought exciting changes to our lives by altering our decision-making, communicating, learning, entertainment, etc. Tourism is a dynamic practice that needs tools for decision-making and competition in economic, social, and environmental sustainability demands. In the current era of high technology and development, big data, artificial intelligence, virtual reality, augmented reality, “3S” technology, and smart tourism are widely applied in all aspects of social life. It plays a good role in the promotion and growth of the tourism industry. This chapter intends to determine the significant technological changes, influences, and customers’ relationship with the industry in recent years. We defined and proposed philosophical, methodological, technical, and realistic uses of technology for the Chinese tourism industry to support advanced technical services to satisfy customers’ needs. Future technologies suitable for Chinese tourism are systematic planning and layout of scenic spots, investigation and evaluation of tourism resources, destination planning, tourism information management and application, tourism environment monitoring, etc. The future technology gradually becomes familiar for travelers to China since it promotes its tourism industry 3.0. and industry 4.0 worldwide. The Internet and the Internet of Things (IoT) include inserting sensors with vehicles, suitcases, buildings, etc., to make substantial improvements to the travel industry. Technical innovations and institutional changes are the reason for the evolution of the Chinese tourism industry. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2022. The usage of digital technology has been aided by the growing number of Muslim tourists around the globe each year. The birth of the Fourth Industrial Revolution has shifted consumer behaviour and attitudes concerning the use of digital technology in their daily lives. The Halal tourism business is facing various hurdles as a result of the global economy’s transition owing to technological disruption. Thus, the purpose of this chapter is to explore the various digital technology utilised in Halal tourism as well as the issues that the business faces. Through the exhaustive study of existing research and contextual synthesis, cyber-physical systems, the internet of things, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, and advanced robotics are among the digital technology utilised to boost Halal tourism. Meanwhile, Muslim tourists are at risk of safety and security, digital technology providers are facing a hard time keeping facilities up to date, Halal terms required standardisation and regional marketing programmes are among the issues Halal tourism stakeholders face in adopting digital technology. Since the research on Halal tourism is currently mounting, this study could contribute to that body of knowledge and provide useful information to both practitioners and scholars. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2023. We have witnessed the rise of cross-data against multimodal data problems recently. The cross-modal retrieval system uses a textual query to look for images; the air quality index can be predicted using lifelogging images; the congestion can be predicted using weather and tweets data; daily exercises and meals can help to predict the sleeping quality are some examples of this research direction. Although vast investigations focusing on multimodal data analytics have been developed, few cross-data (e.g., cross-modal data, cross-domain, cross-platform) research has been carried on. In order to promote intelligent cross-data analytics and retrieval research and to bring a smart, sustainable society to human beings, the specific article collection on "Intelligent Cross-Data Analysis and Retrieval"is introduced. This Research Topic welcomes those who come from diverse research domains and disciplines such as well-being, disaster prevention and mitigation, mobility, climate change, tourism, healthcare, and food computing © 2022 Owner/Author. Mangrove ecotourism is a tourism concept that pays attention to the sustainability of natural resources and the environment as the main tourist object. This study aims to design a mangrove rehabilitation strategy based on a potential analysis of the mangrove ecosystem's suitability and carrying capacity for ecotourism development. The study was conducted from February to March 2020 in Tanjung Burung Village, Teluk Naga District, Tangerang Regency. The data analysis uses tourism suitability index (TSI) processed by spatial analysis tool and area carrying capacity (RCC). Tanjung Burung mangrove ecotourism has an ecotourism potential of 28 ha, with tracking of 2859 m, this can happen if the entire area is planted with mangroves and can grow well. The potential of mangrove ecotourism based on it carrying capacity is 229 people/day considering the length of the trip for each visitor is 4 hours for 8 operational hours per day. The strategy for the rehabilitation of mangrove ecosystems is to analyze the characteristics of damage and mangrove habitats, repair seawater irrigation systems, and plant mangrove vegetation  © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. The Theory of Planned Behavior (TPB) and the Norm Activation Model (NAM) are often employed to examine behavioral intention, but the perspective and attribute differences of these two models have been largely neglected. This study applies TPB and NAM to analyze and compare the intention of trail tourists to undertake environmentally responsible behavior (ERB), which may directly affect the sustainability of the trail system and the surrounding areas. A survey research approach was employed, and 452 responses were collected from tourists in three national forest trails in China. Beginners and experienced trail tourists were also categorized in the study for comparison purposes. Structural equation modeling was utilized in data analysis. The results demonstrate that the TPB model and the NAM model, which represent rationality and morality perspective respectively, are both suitable in explaining the intention of trail tourists to undertake ERB. Comparatively, the TPB model’s rationality perspective shows applicability in explaining both beginner and experienced trail tourists’ intention of undertaking ERB, whereas the NAM morality model only applies to experienced trail tourists. The study provides insights into better understanding and promotion recommendations of ERB in national forest trails. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Realising the coordinated development of regional tourism economy and ecological environment is an important goal of tourism development, and it is also the key to achieving sustainable development of the tourism industry. This paper constructs an evaluation index system for the coupling and coordination of tourism economy and the ecological environment, and comprehensively uses the coupling coordination degree model to analyse and study the process and pattern of the coupling and coordination of the tourism economy and the ecological environment of Chengde city in 2009. The results show that the development level of Chengde’s tourism economy and the ecological environment is increasing year by year; the coupling coordination index increased from 0.3155 in 2009 to 0.5677 in 2018. The relationship between tourism economy and the ecological environment has continued to improve, and it tends to develop in a coordinated manner. The degree of development from a low-level imbalanced tourism economy lagging type to a high-level coordinated ecological environment lagging type. © 2022, Scibulcom Ltd.. All rights reserved. Cultural assets in the area of the Danube Limes in Serbia are an integral part of the world heritage “Roman Empire Borders”. The research presented in this paper includes the tourist and cartographic visualization of 19 Roman sites in the Danube Limes region of Golubac–Radujevac, to determine the real possibilities of tourism development in this area. The historical and cultural heritage of this area is among the most attractive tourist destinations in Serbia, Djerdap National Park and Djerdap Geopark. Despite its diverse cultural and historical values and the specific and unique natural environment, this area is not sufficiently used for tourism. The research included the evaluation of localities, which may serve as the basis to establish which activities should be undertaken in order to plan, use, preserve, and protect such important cultural assets, under the principles of sustainable tourism development. Information based on spatially referenced data in the research process requires cartographic support, in order to understand the geospatial relations of the site significance. Cartographic visualization enabled efficiently systematized data organization, spatial identification, presentation, and the use of complex information from the mapped area in the data analysis in this paper. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Historic districts should be sustainably developed by preserving historic architectural landscapes and developing tourism. Researchers have found that attachment to a place positively influences pro-tourism and pro-environment behaviors among tourists, indicating that exploring the landscape planning of historic districts from the perspective of place attachment is a noteworthy topic of sustainability. However, there are few studies on how historic district landscapes ignite tourists’ place attachment. Using a historical district named Taiping Old Street in Taiwan as an example, we investigated the association between tourists’ landscape evaluation and place attachment in historic districts. This study mainly adopted questionnaire surveys and used partial least squares structural (PLS) equation modeling for survey data analysis. (1) The study identified three dimensions of tourists’ landscape evaluation of historic districts: visual preference, cultural heritage value, and authenticity. (2) The stimulus–organism–response (SOR) model was combined with the studies by previous scholars and a conceptual model put forward for the relationship between tourists’ landscape evaluation, destination image, and place attachment. (3) The model was verified, and we found that (i) tourists’ landscape evaluation in terms of cultural heritage values and authenticity had significant positive effects on destination image; (ii) tourists’ visual preference, evaluation of authenticity, and destination image had significant positive effects on place attachment; and (iii) tourists’ destination image influenced the impact of authenticity and cultural heritage values on place attachment. This study provides both theoretical references for the formation process of place attachment from a landscape perspective and suggestions for landscape planning in the sustainable development of historic districts of a similar type. © 2022 by the authors. Sustainability concerns in the tourism industry are underresearched, although both stakeholder relationship management and data analytics knowledge streams have implications to underpin sustainability research and practice. Scholars argue that we have limited knowledge of the potential for analyzing diverse stakeholder relationship management issues from different tourism-related socioeconomic and ecological settings to fully exploit stakeholders’ contribution to tourism sustainability. Big data, as a research field, could offer varied cross-disciplinary implications for sustainable development. However, data analytics research is concerned with simplifying the overall management structure of data. In this context, at the intersection of these three research streams (tourism, stakeholder relationship management, and big data), this research note offers insights into how analyzing stakeholder causal scopes would be instrumental in simplifying tourism data management structure to support sustainability research and practice in the tourism industry. © The Author(s) 2020. Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic is continuing to have severe effects on tourism-related industries, as safety precautions have become essential to follow. Based on this, this study aims to explore the role of perceptions of the tourist of safety in tourism destination choice with the mediating effect of tourist trust (TT) in the context of the Chinese tourism sector. In addition, this study considers improvements to safety measures for sustainable tourism and the benefits of the technology transformation in the travel industry because of COVID-19. For this study, a quantitative approach was used, and data were collected through convenient sampling. The questionnaire was measured on a 5-point Likert scale, and a cross-sectional approach was adopted for data analysis. The findings of this study show that the effect of the perceived safety of the social environment, perceived safety of facility and equipment elements, perceived safety of human elements, perceived safety of management elements, and perceived safety of natural environments is significant and positive on the tourist destination choice (TDC). In addition, TT is a significant mediator between these elements and TDC. Furthermore, this study concluded that COVID-19 had increased travel anxiety, with particularly negative effects on the Chinese tourism sector, but that the adoption of perceived safety measures could be beneficial in regaining TT for traveling, eventually giving tourists confidence in choosing their traveling destination. Copyright © 2022 Sarfraz, Raza, Khalid, Ivascu, Albasher and Ozturk. Marine plastic pollution causes adverse effects on global environment and marine ecosystems, particularly in marine protected areas. However, little is known of the effects of marine plastic debris on marine ecosystem services, human wellbeing, society, and the economy. We selected Phu Quoc Marine Protected Area (Phu Quoc MPÁ) for gaining an insight into current marine plastic debris as a first step towards understanding its effects on the environment and biodiversity in the region. This study applied secondary data analysis, semi-structured interviews, field measurements, and the quadrate line transect method in pursuit of the objective of the study. The findings reveal that marine plastic debris disposed of in Phu Quoc MPA dominantly came from diverse sources including rivers, streams, canals, tourism service providers, and marine aquaculture development areas. The abundance of macroplastic on the beaches was approximately between 1.109 and 0.248 items/m1 (equivalent to 0.082 ± 0.021 kg/m2). Most of the macroplastic were single-use plastics and accounted for more than 82%. The average size was approximately 14.932 ± 1.846 cm for items less than 30 cm. The remaining ones were HDPE plastic bags and plastic debris. The macroplastic and microplastic need to be stopped in order to encourage sustainable management of waste in the region. © 2022 Polish Mineral Engineering Society. All rights reserved. [No abstract available] Municipalities are increasingly acknowledging the importance of urban form interventions that can reduce intra-city car travel in achieving more sustainable cities. Current academic knowledge for supporting such policies falls short in providing the spatial details required to plan specific interventions. Here, we develop an explainable machine learning framework to identify location-specific relevance of built environment for urban motorised travel, using a sample of 3.5 million car commutes over one year in Berlin and high-resolution urban form data. Results demonstrate that subcenters play a vital role in reducing commuting-related travel distance, giving support to the 15-minute city hypothesis. Observed threshold effects of induced CO2 emissions require low-carbon-policies targeted towards densifying the inner city while releasing peripheral low income communities from car dependence. This research provides a starting point for increasingly rich big data analyses of urban form for creating low-carbon and inclusive urban planning strategies. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd Purpose: The objectives of this study were to (a) analyze the relationship between sociodemographic aspects and motivations in ecotourism and (b) identify the relationship between sociodemographic aspects and satisfaction and loyalty variables. Design/methodology/approach: The research was carried out in the Arenal National Park and the Caño Negro National Wildlife Refuge in Costa Rica, an ecologically important ecotourism destination. The sample consisted of 310 surveys obtained in situ. For data analysis, factor analysis and the multiple regression method were used. Findings: The results show that younger tourists tend to be more motivated by self-development, whereas older tourists and lower-income tourists are more motivated toward strengthening interpersonal relationships with family and friends. In contrast, tourists with lower education levels are highly motivated by novelty, feel more satisfied with the visit and are more willing to recommend and say positive things about the destination. Besides, repeat visitors are most likely to return. Research limitations/implications: The present study was limited by the timing in which it was carried out. Among the future lines of research, studies that address the relationship between sociodemographic variables in the different ecotourism segments should be conducted. Practical implications: Regarding the practical implications, this study helps companies related to tourism to pay attention to the sociodemographic characteristics of tourists to design activities and services according to their motivations, satisfaction and loyalty. For younger tourists who are motivated by self-development, activities and services related to learning about nature can be planned to encourage their personal growth, new abilities and individual skills. Regarding elderly and lower-income tourists, who are motivated to be with family and friends, recreational activities to improve family and friendship relationships can be promoted. Social implications: These findings will serve to plan attractions and services in protected areas, benefiting the destinations and the communities sustainably. Originality/value: One of the contributions of this study is to find a negative relationship between the level of education and other variables such as satisfaction, intentions to recommend and intentions to say positive things about the destination. This research also identified a negative relationship between age and the self-development motivational dimension, a positive relationship between age and being with family and friends dimension, a negative relationship between income and being with family and friends dimension and a negative relationship between the number of visits and the novelty dimension. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited. In order to realize the reliable detection of the cultural and tourism integration industry cluster under the concept of sustainable development, the green development evaluation of the tourism integration industry cluster under the concept of sustainable development is proposed. The study creates a big data parameter collection model for the green development evaluation of a cluster in the cultural tourism industry, groups the data into feature groups, produces a model to detect structural blocking feature recombination, and uses the fuzzy C-means clustering technique to analyze the big data. Through the parallel feature distributed recombination, the cluster center of big data can be optimized according to the index blocking fusion and adaptive optimization methods, traverse the candidate target set of the clustering region, and realize the quantitative evaluation of the green development of the cultural tourism integration industry cluster according to the difference level of the clustering characteristics. The simulation results show that the fusion reliability level of this method is high, and the convergence error is small, which indicates that the reliability of this method is good for the green development of industrial clusters.  © 2022 IEEE. Although in many cases community-based tourism does not take place within the formal parameters of the company, your practices encompass responsible tourism activities that allow the active participation of the community, from an intercultural perspective, adequate management of the natural and cultural heritage, based on a principle of equity and the distribution of local benefits. The aim of this research was to understand the relationship between the actions and dimensions of social responsibility carried out in communities that practice community-based tourism, with the aim of establishing appropriate indicators of organisation and sustainable local development. However, no studies linking community-based tourism and social responsibility were found in the literature, as the latter was always related to formal organisations. In order to achieve this objective, a interview was carried out from an exploratory qualitative perspective. The data analysed made it possible to understand the level of SR of the actors in rural communities and its close relationship with the social responsibility actions carried out in the practice of community-based tourism. Indicators of local organisation and development that influence the sustainability of rural communities as tourist destinations were also detected. © 2022 by the authors. Given the evident paucity of parenthood–consumption research on family leisure/tourism, the present study set family camping into the framework of consumption culture research, to explore how nature (space) consumption is related to parenthood displays. Family camping blog posts were chosen as the data source for this study because of the commonality of tourists using self-media (blogs) to record their travels and display their identity these days, and a thematic method with an inductive nature was adopted to do the data analysis in order to dig deeper into the interwoven relationship between parenthood and consumption. The study results indicate that the campground and its natural surroundings are homogeneously consumed as a multi-functional space named “nature”, as well as a symbol of ideal parenthood for the connotations of purity and pristineness associated with nature, which allow camping parents to satisfy their children’s needs and enjoy their own leisure at the same time. However, the highly standardized nature (space) equipped with artificial facilities is obviously contradictory to the sentiment of pristine nature. We argue that manipulating ideology on social media normalizes and reproduces a dominant but controversial discourse of parenthood and nature consumption, which not only stereotypes the means of family leisure in nature but also fosters perceptions about the commoditization and othering of nature. This study makes an empirical contribution to consumption culture and offers an insight into the importance of identity issue in sustainability research.Definition: nurturing children so they develop physically and mentally. © 2022 by the authors. Nature based tourism, including geotourism, can have the status of ecotourism if they are able to enforce the seven pillars namely: 1) the ecological pillar, 2) the economic pillar, 3) the socio-cultural pillar, 4) the satisfaction pillar, 5) experience pillar, 6) memory pillar, and 7) education pillar. This study aims to analyse the perceptions of tourists towards the enforcement of the seven pillars of ecotourism in geotourism destinations. The study was conducted through a survey using a closed-ended questionnaire with a total number of respondents is 400 people. Data analysis was carried out using comparative quantitative and correlation quantitative methods. The results showed that there was still a “gap” between the pillars of sustainable development and the pillars of the basic needs of tourists. The results of the correlation test showed that the elements of the seven pillars of ecotourism had interrelationship each other. It is necessary to modify the form of geotourism implementation by increasing the aspects of guiding/interpreting for tourists and intensifying the involvement of tourists in all tourism activities. The regional approach are also applied to the development of geotourism so that it is more optimal, integrated and efficient in the use of resources. © 2022 Institut Pertanian Bogor, Department of Forest Management, Faculty of Forestry. All Rights Reserved. With the development of the Web 2.0 era, tourists can freely publish their destination experiences through online travel notes. This enables tourists to become important agents to project tourism destination image (TDI), impacting destination-sustainable development. Previous studies have compared the difference in the images projected by destination management organizations (DMO) and tourists through their published content. However, fewer studies have been done to explore the inter-influences between them on the diachronic process of TDI construction. From the perspective of “circle of representation” this question is researched through a case study of Chiang Mai, Thailand, regarding the market of mainland Chinese tourists. Through interviews and the collection of microblogs from the Thailand National Tourism Bureau and tourists’ travel notes from 2009 to 2021, we found that Chiang Mai has experienced four stages of TDI construction, during which the “Xiao Qingxin” image is evolutionally constructed and formed into the representation circle. The inter-influences between DMO and tourists, as well as the influencing factors in this process, are summarized. Our study supplements a dynamic diachronic analysis of TDI from the constructivism perspective. Relevant management and marketing applications for TDI and destination sustainability in the post-pandemic and Web 2.0 era are also provided. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Purpose: The paper aims to shed new light on the process of value creation and business model innovation resulting from circular economy in the context of smart tourism. Design/methodology/approach: The study embraces a qualitative and exploratory approach related to a single case study. Data have been collected through the integration of web-based desk analysis, interviews and social big data analytics. Findings: Findings are related to Ecobnb, a network-based tourism company, coherent with the principles of value creation and business model innovation in the context of circular economy and smart tourism. Research limitations/implications: The study allows understanding of how smart tourism and circular economy can represent two important lenses for managing complexity and driving tourism companies and destinations toward sustainable and smart value creation processes. Practical implications: Practical implications arise for managers and destination makers in terms of innovation of the tourism management and transition of the business models toward a circular configuration. Social implications: The study offers social implications by contributing to the dissemination of a culture of sustainability in tourism management and active involvement of local stakeholders in the growth of a tourism destination. Originality/value: The study provides an original contribution to the debate on tourism by highlighting the obsolescence of traditional models of management in tourism companies and destinations, seen during the recent pandemic emergence, could be solved through the virtuous integration of digital technologies and sustainable approaches. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited. China’s transportation industry has made great achievements in the past 40 years of reform and opening up. At the same time, it has gradually accumulated a series of problems. These problems have led to closer and more complex social and economic connection within and between regions of different scales. The existing research only carries out the characteristic analysis of urban network spatial connection and pattern from a single perspective such as “flow space” theory, spatial interaction model and accessibility method, and fails to accurately describe the complex socio-economic relations between regions. Based on the big data of railway passenger flow, this study selected weighted average travel time, railway network density, and the economic connection model to express the urban network spatial connection and structure of China in 2016 from the perspectives of time, space, and interaction. In 2016, the accessibility, connectivity, and total urban external economic connection of the railway network showed a trend of declining from the east to the west. The top 50 cities ranked by interurban economic connection were all located in the central and eastern regions and showed “diamond shape” distribution characteristics. The four diamond-shaped pairs were Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta, and Chengyu urban agglomerations. This shape was basically in line with the T-shaped space that has existed for a long time in China’s regional development. The accessibility, connectivity, and total external economic connection of national-level urban agglomerations were greater than those of regional-level urban agglomerations, and far greater than those of local-level urban agglomerations. The results showed that there was a mismatch between the layout of the railway network and the population. It will still be necessary to focus on strengthening the construction of transportation infrastructure in urban agglomerations and densely populated areas in the future. This study enriches the “flow space” theory, more fully describes urban network spatial connection and structure in China by considering the three perspectives of time, space, and interaction, and can provides reasonable suggestions for the development of national comprehensive three-dimensional transportation network planning, regional spatial structure optimization, and sustainable development. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Several examples testify how the evolution in applied technologies to cultural heritage has improved significantly in the last decades in terms of accuracy and reliability of measurement, restitution, and management of the acquired data. This evolution is not always accompanied by the simplification of procedures, lowering of costs, and, more importantly, awareness-raising of the identity value of the investigated asset. In this article, some case studies where different types of technologies have been used are presented together with a recent study of applied robotics in cultural heritage. The aim is to construct an exhaustive picture of the technologies currently in use within the complex conservation process. To follow, a series of urgent reflections are introduced in order to stimulate, contribute, and increase thenecessary interdisciplinary and intercultural debate on the issue of safeguarding cultural assets as a driving force for civil progress, paying particular attention to 3D digital survey. Above all, the paper expands the issue to a wider analysis of the general and progressive anthropological transformations produced on human society by the speed of technological innovation. Finally, the paper will attempt to verify how much and what role the identity values expressed by cultural heritage will still exercise on technologically globalized cities and societies of the twenty-first century. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2022. The proceedings contain 14 papers. The topics discussed include: data analysis based on python – taking fund trend analysis as an example; feature extraction and application of Chinese sentence patterns based on massive data analysis; construction and analysis of power grid monitoring data processing system under the background of big data; research on data sharing model based on multi-party secure computing; research on mass data retrieval model method based on privacy computing; a hyper-heuristic algorithm for test data generation; applying clustering and association rules on attracting tourists to the south central area post Covid-19 pandemic in Vietnam; driving digital services with big data analytics; driving sustainable airport business with big data analytics services: a multichannel approach; and research on the application of big data technology in enterprise financial decision making. The tourism industry has long been accused of being the major driver of global warming as a result of the size of the industry and its subsequent high energy consumption, most of which comes from sources that emit carbon dioxide. However, in spite of the criticism directed towards tourism due to its negative effects on the environment, there is a scarcity of research that has aimed to ascertain its impact on the environment, thus revealing the existence of a gap in the literature. The current study uses a dynamic GMM model for 38 OECD countries from 2008 to 2019 for the purpose of filling the gap in the literature by investigating the effects of tourism development on the environment, as well as ascertaining the role of renewable energy in mitigating environmental impact. Unlike past studies that have alluded to the fact that tourism development exacerbates the emissions of carbon dioxide and hence global warming, the current research shows that in the OECD countries, tourism does not have any significant link with greenhouse gas emissions. This is because OECD nations have long started to shift from the use of fossil fuels to renewable sources of energy that do not exacerbate greenhouse gas emissions. However, the current research concurs with the findings of past studies that renewable energy consumption significantly decreases greenhouse gas emissions. The use of renewable energy sources instead of fossil fuels should continue to be encouraged in all nations for the purpose of achieving the carbon neutrality goal of the United Nations. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature. The COVID-19 pandemic makes home-based telework commonplace and promotes a discussion about addressing mobility problems. Many studies focus on the relationship between the urban form at the place of residence and mode of transport or travel distance. Less attention has been paid to the spatial location of the workplace and its implications for mobility. In this article, we investigate these shifting patterns of work (places) from a socio-spatial mobility perspective. Companies in suburban areas are often characterised by limited access to public transport, cause accordingly high commuting volumes of car traffic and have a strong impact on mobility systems throughout whole regions. Anchored in a case study in Burgwedel, in the suburban area of Hannover, Germany, we analyse the impact and the potential of telework concerning workplaces and sustainable mobility. The data analysis is based on qualitative interviews with local employers (n = 10) and a survey of employees in Burgwedel (n = 367) during October–December 2021. We identify three groups of employees according to their abilities to implement telework defined by the nature of their job and their company’s culture. We show that teleworking can be a game-changer for sustainable mobility in cooperation with local companies. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Decreasing food waste is an important contribution to the practical achievement of Sustainable Development Goals of the United Nations. The last decades witnessed a dynamic expansion of food waste-related publications, parallel with this studies, systematic reviews and bibliometric analyses had been published on this topic. The novelty of the current publication is threefold: 1) it summarizes recent publications, and puts their results into development context; 2) applies the triangulation method by analyzing the food waste-based literature from the aspect of epistemological development, structural composition and scientometric mapping, 3) based on in-depth research of the literature and the determination of the most important ways of its development, the key steps of a modern waste research project as a function of research goals as well as available financial resources are outlined. The bibliometric research based on nearly three thousand resources has shown a considerable geographic disparity in food waste research: these topics are investigated mainly in developed and emerging countries. Bibliometric mapping highlights the importance of the application of qualitative methods for exploring motivational drivers and actual behaviour of households. A general workflow for food waste research is suggested by the authors based on a study carried out in developed countries. This method can be considered as a general, flexible framework, which could serve as a common platform for experts. The framework can be used independently from the of economic development level of the countries but it is especially useful for researchers in the global South because experiences gained by developed countries opens a favourable possibility to conceptualise, plan, realise and publish their food-waste related research. Copyright © 2022 Oláh, Kasza, Szabó-Bódi, Szakos, Popp and Lakner. This paper evaluated the congestion reduction benefits over a 6-year period from the implementation of an adaptive traffic control system (ATCS) in a congested area of Manhattan, New York, bounded by 2nd and 6th Avenues and 42nd and 57th Streets - known as the Midtown-in-Motion (MIM) area. A methodology using taxi Global Positioning System (GPS) sensors was used to measure traffic speed. Traffic speeds were calculated for May weekdays before the ATCS was installed (May 2011) and for each subsequent year (May 2012 to May 2016). Within 1 to 2 years after the implementation of the ATCS, the area's traffic speed increased on avenues and cross streets. This gain, however, could not be sustained in subsequent years because of intervening changes in key factors impacting traffic congestion. These factors included reduction in roadway space/capacity for motor vehicles, lack of effective traffic enforcement to maintain/protect available roadway capacity, increased vehicle miles traveled (VMT) from transportation network company vehicles, and increasing volume of bicycle trips sharing street space with vehicles/pedestrians. This paper's two key findings are, first, traffic speed gains initially seen in the MIM area after 1 year of ATCS implementation could not be sustained because intervening external factors reduced capacity and increased VMT. However, during the same analysis period, the rest of the Midtown Core area (without ATCS deployment) experienced a greater speed loss than the MIM area, indicating the effectiveness of ATCS deployment in minimizing losses in traffic speed. Second, to protect street network capacity and to minimize VMT growth, midtown Manhattan requires adopting proactive, collaborative, and coordinated strategies by the three key agencies involved with traffic management in New York City (NYC): the NYC Department of Transportation (traffic control system technology), the NYC Police Department (traffic enforcement), and the Mayor's office (traffic demand mitigation policies).  © 2022 American Society of Civil Engineers. According to United Nations, World Tourism Organization COVID-19 has had the most devastating impact on the entire global tourism value chain, which resulted in a 74% decline in international passenger arrival, a US$1.3 trillion loss in international tourism receipts, over the US $ 2trillion loss of global domestic product and placing between 100 and 120 million jobs at risk globally. While the initial impact of the pandemic was uniform across the world, the recovery was expected to be varied across the region due to inequitable access to the COVID-19 vaccine. This study seeks to examine the implications of vaccination inequity on tourism recovery in the global tourism market. The study uses secondary, archival data and harnesses the advantages of big data generated from online activities from tourists and tourism companies obtained from authoritative sources. The study found that inequitable access to vaccinations produced a skewed recovery favouring vaccinated regions concentrated in the developed world, leaving poor regions such as Africa behind. The robot system characterising the vaccine-induced recovery had also created a vaccine diplomatic nightmare that scuttled global tourism recovery efforts. To ensure sustainable recovery, there is a need to ensure global vaccination access by rechannelling some of the excess vaccines in developed countries to countries that needs them to ensure the opening up of the entire tourism global market and reduce vulnerabilities that are coming from COVID-19 variants, which poses a threat to the gains made from the current vaccination program. The study concludes that there will not be any meaningful economic recovery without a wholesale approach covering the entire global population. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd Purpose: This paper analyses Environmental Sustainability (ES) policies of the hotel industry in New Zealand (NZ) and compares them with a recognised global standard – the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). Design/methodology/approach: The study considered ES policies of ten major hotel groups (consisting of 208 accommodation providers) in NZ and employed content data analysis using Leximancer software to identify the themes relating to ES and benchmark them against the GRI standards. Findings: Firms in the sample are lagging behind in regard to ES practices in comparison to GRI. Firstly, they did not follow the global standard guidelines strictly in reporting their environmental impact; secondly, they have not quantified the impact or related reductions to environmental damage and thirdly, they did not cover all relevant impact areas as outlined by the GRI in reporting some ES initiatives already in place. Research limitations/implications: The research findings are based on the content data from websites and their executions were not validated. In addition to GRI, there could be other global organisations that can be used for future research. Practical implications: This study confirms the prior research findings on environmental impact in NZ, induced by tourism-hospitality sector, and provides an opportunity for the practitioners to reflect upon and develop environmental policies in line with global practices such as GRI. Originality/value: Prior studies on analysing ES of the businesses in the hotel industry are scarce. To the best of our knowledge, no prior study has attempted to analyse online content data of the NZ hotel industry to examine sustainability policies and practices and compare them against any global standard. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited. Community-based mangrove forest management is the national strategy of the Philippines for mangrove protection. However, aquaculture, resource extraction, and tourism activities of the community may cause degradation and no assurance of sustainability. A number of generalizations may be drawn as to the purposes of this study. This study is useful in developing the contextualized evaluation tool and evaluating the mangrove management system of the communities. This study evaluated the sustainability of mangrove forest management systems by the local community in Tagpait, Aborlan, and Bacungan, Puerto Princesa City, using applicable criteria and indicators (C & I) of sustainable mangrove forest management that were identified through FGDs. This study also identified seven applicable criteria and 35 indicators. The formulation of the verifiers through the rating scale for each applicable indicator was conducted through FGDs and KIIs. The formulated verifiers were used to evaluate the sustainability of mangrove management systems in both communities using HHI, FGDs, KIIs, and secondary data analysis. The results show that Tagpait has a grand mean of 2.31, while Bacungan has a grand mean of 2.47, in which Bacungan has a higher rating of sustainability of mangrove forest management system. Both communities fall under the fair status of sustainability. Also, the Overall Sustainability Index value of Bacungan is 0.35 (moderately sustainable) while Tagpait has 0.33 (moderately sustainable). Hence, Bacungan has better management, but by looking at the Sustainability Index for Individual Criteria, each community has its strengths and weaknesses in sustainable management. Lastly, this study may be utilized by concerned agencies to evaluate the sustainability of the mangrove management system of each community. © 2022 by authors, all rights reserved. Emergency medical services (EMS) are inevitable in urban transport. The sustainable transport services during emergency situations are inevitable. These emergency services and vehicle operations are influenced by traffic flow rate on highways. The objective of this chapter is to present the use of transport data analytics in sustainable mobility and transport. Travel time is a key factor in emergency vehicle operations as the urban transport system is a time varying network. Temporal traffic information is a source for estimation of travel time on highways in emergency vehicle operations. The adverse traffic behavior during peak and non-peak hours of daily traffic profile hinders the operation of emergency vehicles during pandemic COVID-19 situations and so forth in evacuation planning when situation arises. Hence, this chapter presents the modern techniques and tools used in estimation of traffic flow rate on highways to access the connectivity of road network for emergency vehicle operations. © 2023, IGI Global. There are numerous arguments regarding the attitudes of different tourists and scenic destination managers regarding virtual tourism. However, it remains difficult to understand the public's attitude towards virtual tourism in a crisis situation. In this way, under the influence of COVID-19, this study explores the public sentiment and drivers of virtual tourism using Python and the grounded theory method. The results reveal that tourists' positive sentiment in virtual tourism dominates, with few tourists showing negative or neutral sentiment polarity. Furthermore, there is an obvious law of time decay in the intensity of public sentiment. Especially as the crisis fades, the supplementary effect of virtual tourism on on-site tourism weakens. Moreover, project design, experience quality, travel convenience, travel cost, travel motivation and destination attractiveness are the critical factors affecting tourist sentiment. The findings provide implications for the sustainable development of both destination and virtual tourism in a new world order post-COVID-19. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd Many tourists want to travel in a more socially sustainable manner, which may mean that they have to engage more meaningfully with the host community. Tourists however inadvertently travel in bubbles. Tourist bubbles reduce tourist anxiety but they also build tourist walls between them and the host society. The wall seems to prevent tourists from a deeper comprehension of the host society. We use China’s outbound tourists in Malaysia as our case. Including Malaysia, destinations and businesses are catering to Chinese tourists by providing more conveniences and comforts to them. Tourism promotion agencies are adopting China’s social media platforms to disseminate relevant information. Consequently Chinese tourists may not have to use other platforms to communicate and interact with the world. Served with largely Chinese content and perspectives, host-guest appreciation may remain shallow, with few encounters that truly promote mutual respect and understanding to enhance a more socially sustainable tourism. This exploratory study looks at how Chinese tourists publicly review Malaysia on two top Chinese travel-sharing websites (i.e. Mafengwo.com and Qyer.com ). It is found that there is a conspicuous silence on the discriminatory policy against Malaysian Chinese in those reviews even though the manifestations of that policy is omnipresent. Thus, we discuss how a Chinese tourist wall is constructed, how tourist businesses are inadvertently strengthening that wall, and how the wall limits the attainment of social sustainability goals. In addition, we are also suggesting the importance of acknowledging silence in data analysis. This paper makes contributions to the tourism literature on Chinese tourists and the complexity of the host-guest relations with regard to social sustainability of tourism. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. This chapter reviews e-tourism development across three areas: suppliers, tourists, and educational needs. Regarding suppliers, the adoption of information and communication technology (ICT) begins with simplifying operational procedures, increasing employee productivity and enhancing information retrieval. Tourism managers rely on ICT and data to carry out management tasks such as promoting products online, making strategic decisions, monitoring customer satisfaction and product customization, and maintaining a sustainable business environment. Application systems within the tourism ecosystem should be interconnected and interoperable to form a smart network. An intelligent environment enables smart networks with high-speed data exchange and autonomy services. From the tourist perspective, ICT significantly changes tourists’ trip decision-making process and behavior. Destination choice and travel product information are available online without time delays or any geographical or language barriers. Multimedia and 3D virtual images expand the information richness and facilitate co-created travel experiences. Social media allow tourists to share their trip experiences with friends and relatives in real time and express their feedback about travel products on easily accessible review sites. To address employers’ and future employees’ needs, the university must revise the tourism education curricula with a significant inclusion of the ICT component to ensure students will be equipped with the necessary ICT skills in areas such as data analysis, scenario interpretation, robot management, and artificial intelligence (AI) applications. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2022. Urban rail development can increase land value, reduce commute time, and increase accessibility, as reported in the literature. However, little is known about the impact of opening urban rail transit stations on people's sentiment, particularly in the context of large metropolises where population density is significantly high. This paper investigates such impact by studying six new transit stations opened in Hong Kong. People's sentiment and activity in station nearby areas are estimated by tweet sentiment and tweet activity. We use the difference-in-difference model to study the impact of opening new transit stations. Tweet sentiment, tweet activity, tweet content, and footprints of people who visit the station-influenced area ‘before and after’ the opening of transit stations are analyzed. The results suggest that, in general, the introduction of transit stations causes a positive change in tweet activity, and the change is statistically significant after six months. Regarding tweet sentiment, new transit stations tend to pose a mixed effect in a short-term, a positive influence on areas with high-density residential places, yet a negative influence on areas with a large proportion of nature reserve areas. These short-term effects, positive or negative, become not significant in the long term (after twelve months). Our analysis also confirmed that the introduction of new transit stations increased accessibility from (to) other parts of the city to(from) the station's nearby area, which was shown by the expanded locations sustaining users visited. These findings indicate that the urban rail transit system in Hong Kong promotes more active neighborhoods yet does not always promotes positive influence on people's sentiment. Further studies are needed to make future urban rail transit systems promoting active and happy neighborhoods. The study is relevant to the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) in methodologies, data, and findings. The social media analysis method used in this study, including text mining and sentiment analysis, can be easily extended to multiple language analysis for Singapore, Malaysia, as well as other regions in the belt and road plan. The developed tools could contribute to analyzing the influence of cross-country projects on local neighborhoods in the belt and road plan. © 2022 The Authors Tourism flow is an important tourism phenomenon, and it is also one of the core problems in tourism geography research. At present, the overall research situation is characterized by multiple scales, multiple cases and themes, and equal emphasis on big data and refinement. However, most of the existing studies are based on innovations in technical methods or case topics, which mistakenly regard tourism flow as the ultimate scientific problem and research goal. Therefore, the basic theoretical research of tourism flow needs to be re-recognized, strengthened, and enriched. The “Golden Week” holiday tourism flow is a special short-term high-intensity tourism flow restricted by time, space, information, and other conditions. When the concentration of vacation time promotes the tourist flow in some scenic spots to a certain extent, it will inevitably lead to excessive tourism. How to correctly deal with and effectively alleviate the blowout effect caused by the Golden Week and promote the sustained, healthy, and standardized development of holiday tourism still needs further in-depth discussion. Based on the tidal fluctuation, advancing, and retreating phenomenon of holiday tourism flow in attractive scenic spots with well-known brand and resource endowment advantage as core competitiveness, this study deduced the tidal movement theory of tourism flow by comparing with the tidal phenomenon of oceans. A systematic framework of tidal tourism flow research was constructed from the aspects of flow characteristics, spatial process, system dynamics, scale effect, energy characteristics, and digital simulation. The research refined the complicated phenomenon of holiday tourism flow into a simplified theoretical explanation, broke through the bottleneck of traditional tourism seasonality research, and may enrich the basic theory of China's tourism flow research and provide an important practical reference for guiding the practice of Golden Week holiday tourism flow management in scenic spots. © 2022, Editorial office of PROGRESS IN GEOGRAPHY. All rights reserved. Ecotourism is responsible travel to conserve the environment, reduce negative impacts on the environment and improve the welfare of local communities. Ecotourism is not just an ordinary tourist activity, but a combination of various interests that grow out of concern for the environment and cannot be separated from conservation values. This study aims to analyze the high conservation value of ecotourism areas. Data analysis using general guidelines for the identification of high conservation values by direct observation in the field, interviews, filling out questionnaires, and the stages of activities carried out include landscape, fauna aspect assessment, flora aspect assessment, social, economic, and cultural aspect assessment, criteria and sub-criteria assessment conservation. The results showed conservation assessment in each ecotourism area has various criteria depending on the physical condition of the area and the designation/function of the area for the life of flora and fauna as well as to meet the needs of the community. The conservation assessment of ecotourism areas in Tanah Laut Regency is included in the criteria for HCV 2, HCV 4, HCV 5, and HCV 6, which are classified as areas that have natural species, areas that are important as water providers, erosion, and flood control, areas that are important for meeting needs local communities and areas that are important for the cultural identity of local communities.  © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. This study aims to investigate the stakeholders' synergies in realising smart tourism destination. This study uses a qualitative method with a phenomenography approach. We adopted stakeholders' theory to valued stakeholder roles and perception in pursuing sustainability, competitiveness and managing smart tourism destination in Wonosobo, Indonesia. In-depth interviews with five main stakeholders' namely local government, media, tourism business, tourism community, and travel bloggers followed by three phenomenography qualitative data analysis stages. The findings have revealed some obstacles in implementing smart tourism from stakeholders' perspectives, such as human resource's ability, stakeholders' synergy, and government support. This study has also revealed six factors: public system development, digital promotion, Internet infrastructure, public and private sectors partnership, and human resources development to support smart tourism. This study has proposed the strategic plan for the local government to support smart tourism destinations, namely: partnerships, government support, human resource’s ability, and tourism business competitiveness, that will lead to smart tourism destinations. This study has provided a framework and managerial implication accordingly. © 2022 by ASERS ® Publishing. All rights reserved. Context: In the Tibetan Plateau (TP), the supply of cultural ecosystem services (CESs) is unique, and the demand for CESs is gradually increasing with rapid urbanization. Evaluating the relationship between the supply and demand for CESs is critical for guiding regional sustainable development. However, due to the difficulty in obtaining empirical data in the high altitude and complex topography of the TP, relevant research is still lacking. Objectives: The objective of this study was to develop an approach to address the difficulty of obtaining the empirical data on the TP and to evaluate the relationship between the supply and demand for CESs. Methods: Taking the Qinghaihu–Huangshui basin as an example, we combined the SolVES (Social Values for Ecosystem Services) model and social media big data to evaluate the supply and demand for CESs in the TP. Results: Our results showed that the combined method can effectively evaluate the supply and demand for CESs in the basin, and can be used for other remote regions. The supply and demand for CESs in the basin exhibited obvious spatial mismatch. Among the two types of mismatch, in the areas of high supply and low demand of CESs, residents’ subjective well-being (SWB) were substantially lower. Being far away from central city was an important reason for the high supply and low demand of CESs. Conclusions: Establishing and improving the transportation system connecting central cities with other counties is encouraged to utilize the rich cultural and tourism resources of the TP, as well as enhance the SWB and promote regional sustainable development. © 2022, The Author(s). Tourism has been seen and adopted as a vital means for achieving rural economic and social revitalization worldwide without harming sustainable development principles. For China, the evaluation of rural tourism competitiveness at the township level is essential for planning and developing the tourism industry as a basic administration and economic unit, but there is not enough research due to the lack of applicable data and systematic methods. Therefore, this study constructed a town-level rural tourism competitiveness evaluation and development mode classification model based on the modified Michael Porter’s Diamond Model using integrated multi-source data. By taking the 1806 township units in Henan Province, China as examples, we conclude four different modes based on the level of the comprehensive score and industrial internal balance (i.e., balanced development mode with multiple advantages, related and supporting industries driving mode, ecological resource-led mode, and rural landscape experience mode). Policy suggestions for the optimization of the rural tourism industry for Henan are discussed based on the results. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Nautical tourism is a tourist product with great development in the European space and a lot of potential to promote and develop tourist destinations. Considering the dynamics of nautical tourism management and the importance of meeting the specificities of this market niche, the objective of this study was to analyse the strategic alliances for the development of the offer of nautical tourism products, namely the strategic goals and sustainable environmental practices adopted by their actors which integrated the strategic alliances in order to certificate a plethora of nautical stations in Portugal. Between September and December 2021, 17 Portuguese nautical stations' application forms were collected. Content analysis using Nvivo software was the technique used for data analysis. The results showed a multiplicity of strategic objectives associated with the strategic alliance established between the nautical stations. The strategic vision of nautical stations for the development of strategic alliances is built, firstly, on the objective of structuring the tourism offer, followed by increasing governance and promoting and marketing nautical tourism using the image of the destination. Based on these results, it is possible to infer the importance of nautical stations in destination competitiveness and the role of strategic alliances in facilitating penetration in the nautical tourism market. The managers of nautical stations should consider the use of strategic alliances to make a cooperative marketing in order to improve the experience of the clients. Regarding environmental sustainability practices, the results exposed the prominence of environmental education actions in contrast to the reduced number of nautical stations developing actions for the adoption of sustainable transport. This study contributes to a better understanding of nautical tourism and Portuguese nautical stations, a project of strategic investment in sport and tourism, inferring on the objectives underlying the formation of strategic alliances and on the adopted environmental sustainability practices. The conclusions of this study point to the need for future scientific research on the actual operationalization of the objectives underlying the formation of strategic alliances, as well as the environmental practices developed by nautical stations. Copyright © 2022 Pereira, Martins, Marques, Flores, Aghdash and Mascarenhas. Bike-sharing systems provide the public with more transport choices. To elaborate more effectively and comprehensively bike sharing's prospective contribution to urban sustainable development, a quantitative estimation of bike sharing's environmental benefits is performed through a case study of New York City's bike-sharing systems. Using a long-term series of big data, the environmental benefits of bike sharing in New York City are evaluated from a spatiotemporal perspective. Data on a total of 48 million bicycle trips between January 2014 and December 2017 are analysed. During 2014-2017, bike travellers saved 13,370 t of oil equivalent, and decreased 30,070 t of carbon emissions and 80 t of nitrogen oxides. Evaluation of gender dynamics reveals that men produced greater environmental benefits through the bike-sharing initiative. © 2021 In order to improve the level of rural tourism, it is necessary to analyze the data characteristics of rural tourism.Through sorting out the relevant data of several online tourism platforms, the grey correlation theory is used to analyze these data.This article uses the grey correlation method to analyze the weight of factors affecting rural tourism hotspots, then to deduce main factors affecting rural tourism hotspots. From the results of the analysis, it can be concluded that the main factors affecting the number of rural tourist attractions are number of star-rated attractions (C4), highway mileage (C2) good air quality rate (C5) and number of star-rated hotels (C3).Finally,Empirical results show that the analysis of the influencing factors of rural tourism hotspots is consistent with the actual situation, which proves that this method is an effective method.  © 2022 IEEE. Festivals are an important aspect of cultural design. They not only attract a large number of tourists but are also one of the most direct ways of promoting local culture. This study aimed to discover how festival experiences affect cultural feelings, travel motivations, and behavioral intentions. Based on literature research, theoretical model construction, and analysis, this paper begins with an exploration of the literature and designs a structural model to validate consumers’ expectations and conceptions of the 2021 Tainan Chihsi Festival. A total of 238 residents from Taiwan answered the questionnaire. This study used SEM and ANOVA for data analysis. The impact model of the festival experience design presented here can provide reference standards for in-depth research in related fields. Moreover, cultural emotion is a critical component in designing influential festive event experiences that evoke travel motivations and behavioral intentions. Virtual events can emphasize personal elements and educational content. In-person events can emphasize group interaction and entertainment. A combination of virtual and in-person experiences or personal and group exchanges would be ideal. Organizers should consider including emotional elements in their festive events in addition to originality. The inclusion of cultural elements can also foster “shared” experiences between locals and visitors, diversifying urban landscapes and strengthening community interaction. Organizers can plan festive events that align with consumers’ expectations, distinguish festive events from other community events, and add uniqueness and originality to their events. © 2022 by the author. The convergence of sports and tourism industries is a vital direction for the coordinated development of industries, and a vital means to build a quality life circle suitable for living, working and traveling in the urban agglomeration of the Guangdong–Hong Kong–Macao Greater Bay Area (GBA). By using the coupling coordination degree model and exploratory spatial data analysis and establishing an evaluating indicator system for the converged development of sports and tourism industries, this paper measures and analyzes the convergence development level, spatial-temporal evolution, and spatial correlation of the two industries in 11 cities of GBA from 2011 to 2020. The results showed that the synthetical development level of the two industries in urban agglomeration of GBA was steadily rising, with significant differences in regional development, showing the east coast of GBA > the north coast of GBA > the west coast of GBA. The growth trend of industrial convergence degree is obvious, but the overall coupling coordination degree is not high, basically in the late maladjustment stage and transition stage. The convergence of the two industries shows a positive aggregation distribution in space, and the degree of agglomeration is rising. Cities around the Pearl River Estuary mostly belong to the “high-high” spatial association type, with obvious spillover effect, and become a significant growth pole for the converged development of the two industries in GBA. Cities in the periphery of GBA and the west coast of GBA mostly belong to the “low-low” and “low-high” spatial association types. Finally, sustainable development strategies are put forward from four aspects: spatial layout coordination, industrial division coordination, exchange platform coordination, and regional policy coordination, so as to promote the highly converged and coordinated development of the sports and tourism industries in the urban agglomeration of GBA. © 2022 by the authors. STUDY QUESTION: What are the plasma concentrations of dydrogesterone (DYD) and its metabolite, 20α-dihydrodydrogesterone (DHD), measured on day of embryo transfer (ET) in programmed anovulatory frozen embryo transfer (FET) cycles using 10 mg per os ter-in-die (tid) oral DYD, and what is the association of DYD and DHD levels with ongoing pregnancy rate? SUMMARY ANSWER: DYD and DHD plasma levels reach steady state by Day 3 of intake, are strongly correlated and vary considerably between and within individual subjects, women in the lowest quarter of DYD or DHD levels on day of FET have a reduced chance of an ongoing pregnancy. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: DYD is an oral, systemic alternative to vaginal progesterone for luteal phase support. The DYD and DHD level necessary to sustain implantation, when no endogenous progesterone is present, remains unknown. While DYD is widely used in fresh IVF cycles, circulating concentrations of DYD and DHD and inter- and intraindividual variation of plasma levels versus successful treatment have never been explored as measurement of DYD and DHD is currently only feasible by high-sensitivity chromatographic techniques such as liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectroscopy (LC-MS/MS). STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Prospective, clinical cohort study (May 2018-November 2020) (NCT03507673); university IVF-center; women (n = 217) undergoing a programmed FET cycle with 2 mg oral estradiol (tid) and, for luteal support, 10 mg oral DYD (tid); main inclusion criteria: absence of ovulatory follicle and low serum progesterone on Days 12-15 of estradiol intake; serum and plasma samples were taken on day of FET and stored at -80°C for later analysis by LC-MS/MS; in 56 patients, two or more FET cycles in the same protocol were performed. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Women undergoing FET on Day 2 or Day 3 (D2, D3, cleavage) or Day 5 (D5, blastocyst) of embryonic development had blood sampling on the 3rd, 4th or 6th day of 10 mg (tid) DYD oral intake, respectively. The patient population was stratified by DYD and DHD plasma levels by percentiles (≤25th versus >25th) separately by day of ET. Ongoing pregnancy rates (a viable pregnancy at >10th gestational week) were compared between ≤25th percentile versus >25th percentile for DYD and DHD levels (adjusted for day of ET). Known predictors of outcome were screened for their effects in addition to DYD, while DYD was considered as log-concentration or dichotomized at the lower quartile. Repeated cycles were analyzed assuming some correlation between them for a given individual, namely by generalized estimating equations for prediction and generalized mixed models for an estimate of the variance component. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: After exclusion of patients with 'escape ovulation' (n = 14, 6%), detected by the presence of progesterone in serum on day of ET, and patients with no results from LC-MS/MS analysis (n = 5), n = 41 observations for cleavage stage ETs and n = 157 for blastocyst transfers were analyzed. Median (quartiles) of plasma levels of DYD and DHD were 1.36 ng/ml (0.738 to 2.17 ng/ml) and 34.0 ng/ml (19.85 to 51.65 ng/ml) on Day 2 or 3 and 1.04 ng/ml (0.707 to 1.62 ng/ml) and 30.0 ng/ml (20.8 to 43.3 ng/ml) on Day 5, respectively, suggesting that steady-state is reached already on Day 3 of intake. DHD plasma levels very weakly associated with body weight and BMI (R2 < 0.05), DYD levels with body weight, but not BMI. Levels of DYD and DHD were strongly correlated (correlation coefficients 0.936 for D2/3 and 0.892 for D5, respectively). The 25th percentile of DYD and DHD levels were 0.71 ng/ml and 20.675 ng/ml on day of ET. The ongoing pregnancy rate was significantly reduced in patients in the lower quarter of DYD or DHD levels: ≤25th percentile DYD or DHD 3/49 (6%) and 4/49 (8%) versus >25th percentile DYD or DHD 42/149 (28%) and 41/149 (27%) (unadjusted difference -22% (CI: -31% to -10%) and -19% (CI: -29% to -7%), adjusted difference -22%, 95% CI: -32 to -12, P < 0.0001). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Some inter- and intraindividual variations in DYD levels could be attributed to differences in time between last 10 mg DYD intake and blood sampling, as well as concomitant food intake, neither of which were registered in this study. Ninety percent of subjects were European-Caucasian and DYD/DHD blood concentrations should be replicated in other and larger populations. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Daily 10 mg DYD (tid) in an artificial FET cycle is potentially a suboptimal dose for a proportion of the population. Measurement of DYD or DHD levels could be used interchangeably for future studies. The pharmacokinetics of oral DYD and associated reproductive pharmacodynamics need further study. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): The trial was financed by university funds, except for the cost for plasma and serum sample handling, storage and shipment, as well as the liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) analysis of DYD, DHD and progesterone, which was financially supported by Abbott Products Operations AG (Allschwil, Switzerland). Abbott Products Operations AG had no influence on the study protocol, study conduct, data analysis or data interpretation. K.N. has received honoraria and/or non-financial support (e.g. travel cost compensation) from Ferring, Gedeon-Richter, Merck and MSD. A.M. has no competing interests. R.V. has no competing interests. M.D. has received honoraria and/or non-financial support from Ferring and Merck. A.S.-M. has no competing interests. T.K.E. has received honoraria and/or non-financial support from Roche, Novartis, Pfizer, Aristo Pharma, Merck. G.G. has received honoraria and/or non-financial support (e.g. travel cost compensation) from Abbott, Ferring, Gedeon Richter, Guerbet, Merck, Organon, MSD, ObsEva, PregLem, ReprodWissen GmbH, Vifor and Cooper. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03507673.  © 2022 The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved. Based on the background of wisdom tourism with Internet and cloud computing, the author introduces the main functions of the cultural tourism big data platform from the aspects of tourist transportation, catering and accommodation and the intellectualization of tourism organization, and analyzes the design and realization path of the system. It has been proved by practice that strengthening the application of Internet and cloud computing technology can effectively improve the effect of the cultural tourism big data platform construction, which is conducive to the healthy and sustainable development of overall cultural tourism industry, so as to promote the career of rural revitalization.  © 2022 IEEE. Hainan, as a popular tourism destination, is well-promoted by the Chinese central government. In particular, both central and local governments encourage Hainan’s sport tourism-related professionals to develop sport tourism as one of the most important tourist activities in Hainan. However, previous research has not reported on Hainan’s sport tourism strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats as a tourism destination or a sports event host. This study uses SWOT analysis to identify the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats in the context of Hainan’s sport tourism development. A total of 12 dimensions, including branding, culture, finance, infrastructure, location, market, nature, policy, product, specialty, sustainability, and tourist were generated from our data analysis. In addition, a total of five future directions, including emphasizing event-oriented sport tourism, prioritizing sport motivation, identifying major sport tourism markets, making the rational use of sport tourism resources, and nurturing sport culture, are recommended as a result of this study. © 2022 by the authors. This study examines the use and impact of artificial intelligence (AI) and big data analytics (BDA) in the tourism industry (TI). The digital age has brought a lot of changes transforming the business environment. The extensive use of the internet combined with the recent technological advances have greatly affected tourism companies, which need to face increased competition, changing tourists' needs and quick development of customer services. Furthermore, due to the widespread digitization, the tourism industry is overwhelmed by a huge amount of data that needs to be processed and analysed. AI is a rapidly evolving set of technologies, which can to some extent replace the analytical ability and decision-making capabilities of human beings. It can thus enable the development of innovative services and the intelligent processing of large amounts of data. Although AI is a widely known technology, it is still not widely used in the tourism industry. However, the adoption of AI is accelerated during the last 3 years, which is also reflected in the literature. By conducting an extensive literature review, this study aims to examine the level of adoption of AI applications in different sectors of the tourism industry and to discuss their role in big data analytics and in smart tourism (ST). It also aims to examine under which circumstances the adoption of these applications and technologies could enable tourism companies to obtain a competitive advantage. To explain this, the paper develops a conceptual framework using the resource based view theory. Based on the proposed framework, it shows that the adoption of the above combination may enable tourism companies to increase their business performance, achieve economic results and potentially attain a sustainable competitive advantage. Therefore, this research discusses the strategic role of AI and BDA in ST, makes propositions of implementation and forms the base for future research.  © 2022 WIT Press. The last fifty years of urban transformation has generated impressive “know-how” in urban studies in Europe. However, making our cities increasingly attractive through ambitious urban plans of transformation and renovation has also led to issues such as gentrification, degradation of heritage, social tensions, mass tourism and even exclusion. Inherited from the 1970s, processes of participation, which are directly related with reclaiming the city, are now re-emerging in urban and architectural processes in democratic cities. Sustainable, resilient, urban regeneration means working with inhabitants when cities are transformed, giving them the opportunity to collaborate in the city’s creation. Complex, ready-to-use participatory methodology is required for urban planners and landscape architects to work in an interdisciplinary way with other specialists. This research proposes the creation of methodology for participatory action using new and traditional tools (information and communications technology, mapping, big data cartographies, tactical planning, and opinion polls among other techniques), through their classification into a taxonomy. This paper shows the taxonomy generated through an analysis of several historical and recent case studies in which the real stakeholders in urban planning—its users—co-designed the project. By combining the tools, we should be able to build a methodology or a guide for co-creation workshops. © 2022, Universitat Politecnica de Catalunya. All rights reserved. This research aims to find out how the current profile of tourism in Medan City is and how is the sustainable development gastronomic tourism in Medan City at this time. The method used by the researcher in this study is qualitative method with observation, interview method: The interviews that will be conducted in this study are interviews with key informants, namely the management of gastronomic tourism in the city of Medan and several stakeholders related to the development of culinary tourism in the city of Medan. Medan, literature study method, documentation method. The objects studied are gastronomic tourism products in the city of Medan the technique sample used convenience sampling. The data analysis technique used in this research is data triangulation. The research results show that the profile of the culinary tourism potential of the city of Medan is: (1) Bolu Meranti, (2) Merdeka Walk, (3) Ramadhan Fair, (4) Bika Ambon, (5) ie Aceh Titi Bobrok, (6) Ucok Durian, (7) Pagaruyung Culinary, (8) Tip Top Restaurant, (9) Ocean Pacific and (10) Amaliun Foodcourt (11) Kesawan Square. This study indicates that the potential for gastronomic tourism in Indonesia is Medan city in general, all of its gastronomic tourism has potential to develop. Meanwhile, the study of Gastronomic Tourism in Medan City is: (1) Developing a Strategy, (2) Sharpening brand power, (3) Promoting Medan Food and Creating the right Route for promotion. This research presents future research directions in the field of sustainable gastronomic tourism. © 2022 WITPress. All rights reserved. An important part of Beijing’s ecological pattern, mountain landscapes are also the most important natural tourist destinations in Beijing. The unique mountain environment in Taihang and Yan Mountains attracts Beijing and foreign tourists alike. Tourists publish travel photos and comments on social media, which provides a new opportunity for a systematic evaluation of these mountain parks based on social media data. To fully understand the developmental status of mountain landscapes in Beijing, this paper comparatively evaluates 45 mountain landscapes in Beijing based on social media data. Using big data capture, semantic network analysis, importance-performance analysis (IPA), etc., it explores the composition of tourist groups in mountain parks, the preferences of the tourist groups, and the relationships between park tourists and different influencing factors, and evaluates the recreational experiences of tourist groups. The development of recreational activities was found to be more important to local tourists than scenic sites for foreign tourists. According to gender differences, women were more interested in recreational experiences than men, while men were more interested in the park’s landscapes. According to the IPA, tourists were satisfied with the overall recreation offered by mountain landscapes. The perceptual experience was dominated by visual perception, followed by smell; touch, hearing, and taste were of minor importance. Using social media data to analyze mountain landscape resources in Beijing can provide useful insights into the advantages of these landscapes under a variety of site conditions, strengthen local mountain resource development and tourism publicity, integrate tourism management and planning resources in a targeted and attractive manner, and enhance ecological leisure services. © 2022 by the authors. Good job accessibility contributes to the innovation of the job-living interface, which is a key issue in building sustainable cities. Existing accessibility studies have mostly considered travel costs limited to travel distance or travel time, without fully considering travel costs and their effects on different travel modes. Based on POI (Point of Interest) and route planning data from Internet maps and business data platforms, this paper obtains fine-grained employment and travel data and uses an improved two-step floating catchment area model to propose a job accessibility measure that takes into account travel costs, to study the job accessibility of both public transport and private cars and to evaluate the impact of adding travel costs on job accessibility. The case study in Beijing shows that the average travel cost of private cars changes from 54% to 6% higher than that of public transportation after considering travel costs. And job accessibility is sensitive to travel costs, and the interaction between commuting and travel costs cannot be fully captured by considering travel time only; the impact of travel cost is reflected in an overall average decrease of 7.3% and 4.8% for public transportation and private car accessibility, and without considering travel cost, the job accessibility of subdistricts along with the fifth to sixth ring subway will be underestimated; there is a boundary effect of the travel cost on accessibility, and the higher the threshold, the smaller the impact. This paper provides insights for planners and policymakers making job accessibility-oriented adjustment strategies for the balance between jobs and workers. Copyright © 2022 by Science Press. Due to the increasing use of automobiles, the transportation industry is facing challenges of increased emissions, driver safety concerns, travel demand, etc. Hence, automotive industries are manufacturing vehicles that produce fewer emissions, are fuel-efficient, and provide safety for drivers. Artificial intelligence has taken a major leap recently and provides unprecedented opportunities to enhance performance, including in the automotive and transportation sectors. Artificial intelligence shows promising results in the trucking industry for increasing productivity, sustainability, reliability, and safety. Compared to passenger vehicles, heavy-duty vehicles present challenges due to their larger dimensions/weight and require attention to dynamics during operation. Data collected from vehicles can be used for emission and fuel consumption testing, as the drive cycle data represent real-world operating characteristics based on heavy-duty vehicles and their vocational use. Understanding the activity profiles of heavy-duty vehicles is important for freight companies to meet fuel consumption and emission standards, prevent unwanted downtime, and ensure the safety of drivers. Utilizing the large amount of data being collected these days and advanced computational methods such as artificial intelligence can help obtain insights in less time without on-road testing. However, the availability of data and the ability to apply data analysis/machine learning methods on heavy-duty vehicles have room for improvement in areas such as autonomous trucks, connected vehicles, predictive maintenance, fault diagnosis, etc. This paper presents a review of work on artificial intelligence, recent advancements, and research challenges in the trucking industry. Different applications of artificial intelligence in heavy-duty trucks, such as fuel consumption prediction, emissions estimation, self-driving technology, and predictive maintenance using various machine learning and deep learning methods, are discussed. © 2022 by the authors. Apart from having a long tourism tradition, due to its geographic location and predominantly pleasant climatic conditions, Greece has primarily relied on tourism to recover from its prolonged economic hardships. Consequently, the present study aims at conducting a strategic analysis of Corfu, an important tourist destination located in the Ionian Sea, with the purpose of suggesting targeted interventions regarding the island’s tourism product and providing directions for sustainable tourism development. Secondary data analysis and results from a survey of 334 tourists indicated several strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats concerning Corfu’s tourism sector. This information reveals a number of ways to improve Corfu’s overall tourism product and develop a sustainable strategy for the Corfiot tourism industry. In view of rising environmental and socioeconomic challenges, a comprehensive tourism strategy ought to simultaneously enhance Corfu’s competitive position, improve residents’ welfare and safeguard the island’s scarce natural resources. © 2022 by ASERS® Publishing. All rights reserved. Urban tourism is considered a complex system. Tourists who visit cities have diverse purposes, leading to multifaceted travel behaviors. Understanding travel movement patterns is crucial in developing sustainable planning for urban tourism. Built on network science, this article discusses 12 key topologies of travel patterns/flow occurring in a city network by applying network motif analytics. The 12 significant types of travel mobility can account for approximately 50% of the total movement patterns. In addition, this study presents variations in travel movement patterns depending on not only different lengths of stay in topological structures of travel mobility, but also relative proportions of each type. As a result, this article suggests an interdisciplinary approach that adopts the network science method to better understand city travel behaviors. Important methodological and practical implications that could be useful for city destination planners are suggested. © The Author(s) 2021. Women’s involvement in tourism has exerted an immense impact on the nation’s economy. The low involvement of women in some countries has sparked the interest of scholars in investigating the factors that influence their involvement. The main purpose of this study was to examine the influence of self-efficacy (SE), perceptions of women’s work (PWW), empowering leadership (EL), and psychological empowerment (PE) on tourism involvement. Consequently, the study determined the impact of tourism involvement in sustainable tourism development (STD). The population of the study was women entrepreneurs from the Saudi Arabia tourism industry. A total of 201 women participated in the study from the selected sample of 300, obtained through convenient sampling. For the data analysis, SPSS and PLS-SEM were employed. The results revealed that PWW, SE, EL, and PE significantly and positively influenced women entrepreneurs’ involvement in tourism (WEIT). Further, WEIT significantly and positively impacted STD. This research is a pioneering work in which a research model was developed to incorporate PWW, SE, EL, PE, tourism involvement, and STD in light of social exchange theory and social identity theory. The findings provide implications for policymakers and academia and contribute to the existing body of knowledge on women’s entrepreneurship, empowerment, tourism, and business management. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Climate is an essential component in the sustainability of tourism cities. Coastal tourism cities face unprecedented challenges under a changing climate. The complexity of the tourism–cli-mate interface predicates the need for tools that can assess the weather and climate accurately. Tourism climate indices have been widely developed to evaluate the temporal and spatial distribution of climate resources, but these indices are not entirely applicable to coastal cities facing air pollution. This study developed a Coastal Tourism Climate Index (CTCI) to assess the tourism climate suitability of Chinese coastal cities. The CTCI was developed to include five variables: thermal comfort, sunshine, precipitation, wind, and air quality. This index was applied and verified in the case of nine coastal tourism cities in China compared to the Holiday Climate Index (HCI: Beach). According to the results, the CTCI is more suitable for coastal tourism climate assessment in China. Finally, corresponding countermeasures are put forward for the balanced and sustainable development of Chinese coastal tourism cities. This study takes the lead in applying big data to the development and validation of tourism climate indices. These findings provide novel insights for the tourism climate assessment of coastal destinations facing air pollution. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Recent decades have witnessed a rising concern regarding the prosperity of the environment and utilisation of resources. A sustainable approach is being promoted in all sectors. In the field of tourism, sustainable tourism is widely discussed among researchers and practitioners. On the other hand, luxury tourism is criticised for lavish resource utilisation to serve the few luxury tourists. There is a need to include sustainability in luxury tourism to benefit the environment, local communities, tourist destination and luxury tourists. However, sustainable luxury tourism is an emerging concept and needs more investigation. This chapter attempts to present the existing knowledge about sustainable luxury tourism by implementing a systematic literature review. Further, the opportunities and challenges associated with sustainable luxury tourism are being highlighted. This study has identified the factors that need to be considered to promote sustainable luxury tourism. Moreover, suggestions of the researchers are being presented to serve as guidelines. This study includes an example of the Diphlu river lodge, which has practised sustainable luxury tourism for many years. The viewpoint of luxury tourists are being understood by analysing the reviews of tourists from TripAdvisor using NVIVO-12 qualitative data analysis software. The combination of literature review and practical information provides insight into sustainable luxury tourism. © 2022 by Emerald Publishing Limited. All rights reserved. A carbon-neutral city is one of the most critical topics in carbon neutrality. To study the general public and professionals’ focus, we analysed the posts on Weibo and LinkedIn through Pycharm, Navicat Premium, KHCoder, and Tableau. This study included 1908 microposts (14,668 sentences) on Weibo and 533 posts (3733 sentences) on LinkedIn. On Weibo, the most influential users were governments and organisations; for example, Baotou Daily, Beijing Ecological Environment, 922 Green Travel, Baotou Evening News, and Baoding Evening News. On LinkedIn, the most influential person was the co-director of Carbon Neutral Cities Alliance. The most popular topics on LinkedIn included “city,” “carbon,” “climate,” “neutral,” “energy,” “emission,” “sustainability,” “sustainable,” “neutrality” and the keywords of “world”; while “carbon,” “city,” “energy,” “development,” “new,” “green,” “promote,” “neutrality,” “construction” and “industry” are more prevalent in Weibo. Both LinkedIn and Weibo users focus on “energy” and related issues. LinkedIn users mentioned “climate” and “sustainability” most in their posts, but Weibo users concerned about green development in the construction industry. Copyright © 2022 Zeng, Li, Mao, Chen and Zeng. The COVID-19 pandemic has prompted the re-emergence of staycations to the fore, as many people were forced to spend their vacations at or close to home due to travel restrictions. This phenomenon first went mainstream during the 2008 financial crisis, and has now been further accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic. This study investigated the growth and practice of staycations during the first two years of the pandemic by analyzing social media and internet search data using Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) topic modeling and Google Trends analytics. Key findings suggest that, while spatially close to home, people tried to achieve a psychological distance away from home. This was demonstrated by a strong global search interest in spending staycations at hotels close to home. The optimal LDA topic model produced 38 topics which were classified under four aggregate dimensions of antecedents, attributes, activities, and consequences of staycations. The findings provide useful insights to managers and policymakers on boosting revenue through this practice, and the role of staycations in promoting leisure activities close to home and sustainable tourism. © 2022 The Author(s) Purpose The dissertation focuses on time series analysis and is based on several research strategies and methods. The methodology used in the research process was published in four papers as part of international scientific journals indexed in the Web of Science database. Since tourism is one of the most lagged industries in science there is need for new and innovative approaches in key tourist sector determinants modelling and forecasting. This doctoral thesis introduces an extension of time series methodology that focuses on investigating and testing the normal distribution of residuals, as a key adequacy prerequisite of econometric models. This issue has not systematically been considered in quantitative approaches in tourism. The motivation for research of the doctoral thesis are multidimensional: to filter previous research on time series in tourism and to theoretically and empirically improve and redesign time series methodology and methods for tourism. Both issues were successfully presented in one of the published papers. Finally, tourism forecasts should be based on reliable models as evident, from the most recent shocks, ex-ante tourism forecasting has to be considered crucial in evaluating model efficiency. The dissertation aimed to research and develop appropriate econometric models able to capture the specifics of multiple interactions in the tourism market. The research seeks to develop econometric models for the Republics of Slovenia and Croatia, two countries whose economic development is predicated on tourism. Four goals and four specific objectives have been specified during the research process: 1) To introduce an improved time series approach in cointegrated panels. The first specific objective (SO1) is to test at least ten econometric modelling structures that reduce cycle breaks. 2) To examine previous theoretical thinking regarding the cointegration of time series, cross-sectional data, and panels. The second specific objective (SO2) is to outline at least 250 previous empirical studies for the tourism industry. 3) To examine cointegration in tourism data for Slovenia and Croatia. The third objective (SO3) is to model at least three econometric time series equations and mathematical theorems/ lemmas for the tourism industry. 4) To improve and better understand unit root tests in tourism. The specific objective (SO4) is to approach the design of at least three stable and innovative models. Methodology The research relies upon econometric modelling in time series and panels as well as misspecification tests implementation. The study is primarily oriented to the hypotheses testing on a reliable modelling procedure. The research methodology is based on time series and the vector autoregression model (VAR) implementation. Moreover, the cointegrated VAR and the error correction model (ECM) are used. The Granger causality is used to identify trends to determine the direction of the hypothesised research problems. Overall, the study uses regression analysis and summary descriptive statistics. The sensitive analysis relies on panel regression. Summarizing, the added value of the doctoral thesis can be reflected in investigating the normal distribution of time series residuals to obtain accurate results for interpretation and prediction. Findings The most significant research results include time series and panel testing and modelling based on research hypotheses. The main hypothesis (an innovative approach to cointegration, based on empirical evidence for Slovenia and Croatia, which provides unbiased, accurate and validated results for tourism development) was confirmed. The first published paper investigates the possibility and accuracy of using time series data in forecasting tourism demands. The theoretical added value provides ex-ante research results regarding the consequences of the most recent pandemic. The empirical part of the paper discusses the direction of daily Slovenian and Croatian COVID-19 infections and tourist arrivals. Hypothesis 1 the tourism industry in Slovenia has developed rapidly and is expected to continue growing in a positive and sustainable direction without seasonal fluctuation, and 2, the tourism industry in Croatia has a long tradition and opportunity to grow at unprecedented rates hitherto. Volatility in the Croatian tourism industry is significant and has a high standard deviation; were confirmed. Additionally, the modelling strategy was introduced in one of the published papers. The results emphasized a significant influence on tourism demand and, depending on the modelling methodology, the existence of an impact on tourist arrivals of chosen determinants. Moreover, two published papers discussed the direction of economic impacts on tourist arrivals and vice versa. The decisive significance of productivity to real gross wages with a rise in tourist arrivals was confirmed. Furthermore, prices in tourism based on short-run effects and two cointegrated relations were modelled and forecasted. It can be concluded that tourism demand, approximated by tourist arrivals, is volatile on different determinants which were previously not researched or tested by reliable econometrics. Therefore, the set goals and specific study objectives were achieved. The originality of the research This doctoral thesis generated several significant outputs: i) a systematic analysis of different existing cointegration approaches, process modelling, implemented models and methods, ii) an applied multi-year data analysis for two countries, iii) a new collection of considered variables, iv) guidelines and recommendations for tourism researchers and practitioners, e.g. for the development of quantitative models that allow tourism to make reliable conclusions based on secondary quantitative data. © 2022, University of Rijeka. All rights reserved. Background and objective: Despite the fact that the COVID-19 pandemic has increased the demand for mental health services, access has been limited, resulting in service gaps and severance. Agro-healing, which is expected to be utilized successfully to promote mental health for both individuals and communities, could be a solution. This study was conducted to provide basic data for revitalizing policies and research related to agro-healing by analyzing the trends in big data of online news articles over the last decade. Methods: A total of 2,310 news articles related to agro-healing were collected from January 1, 2012 to December 31, 2021 by crawling Naver News. To extract nouns with practical meaning, the Okt morphological analysis of the KoNLPy module in Python 3.9 was employed. Semantic network analysis was conducted to validate degree centrality, betweenness centrality, and eigenvector centrality in order to understand the centrality and connectivity of significant keywords. The data was visualized using Gephi 0.9.2 by performing CONCOR analysis to generate clusters. Results: The keywords with the highest degree centrality were agro-healing, followed by healing, care farm, vitality, RDA, citizens, and rural tourism. Agro-healing, Healing, stress, urban, disabilities, care farm, dementia, and rural area were highest in terms of betweenness centrality. The eigenvector centrality was highest in agro-healing, followed by vitality, healing, care farm, and effect. As a result of the CONCOR analysis, four clusters were identified: ‘agro-healing characteristics’, ‘agro-healing resources’, ‘agro-healing activities’, and ‘agro-healing target and effect’. Conclusion: According to the findings, social expectations and need for agro-healing to improve public health became a significant part of the discourses. This research is expected to help determine future research and policy directions, as the vitality of agro-healing continues to provide national welfare services and seek sustainable growth in agricultural and rural areas. © 2022 by the Society for People, Plants, and Environment. In the context of sustainable development, energy consumption reduction and energy efficiency improvement are recognized as global priorities. International tourist arrivals are increasing year by year, and tourism is recording increases in energy consumption. However, tourism needs to recognize its role in sustainable development, and make a significant contribution by using renewable energy and energy efficient technologies. Therefore, the aim of this paper is to analyze the relationship between tourist overnight stays and energy consumption in the service sector in the 10 EU countries that achieved the highest number of overnight stays. The survey covers a period of 19 years, from 2000 to 2018. Panel data analysis is used to observe the relationship between these two variables across time, based on random effects. The results show that there is a correlation between tourism overnights stays and energy consumption in the service sector, and that energy consumption is changing with the increase in tourist overnight stays. The results of the analysis indicate the need to enhance energy efficiency as well as encourage the use of energy from renewable sources in order to enable the sustainable development of economic and ecological systems. The empirical findings of this study can provide guidance on energy management to private entities and tourismpolicy makers in the EU. © 2022, Hrvatsko Drustvo Ekonomista. All rights reserved. This study aimed to explain the development of tourists’ pro-social intentions during heritage tourism within the pandemic context by combining the norm activation model (NAM) and two significant variables in the theory of planned behavior (TPB). The quantitative data analysis results indicated that the proposed hypotheses have been partially supported, which resonated and enriched the existing studies on COVID-19-related pro-social tourism and tourist behaviors from a theoretical angle. Based on the research outcomes, the corresponding managerial implications for heritage tourism practitioners and meaningful references for future researchers to promote sustainable and pro-social heritage tourism products have been discussed. Copyright © 2022 Zhu, Chi, Ryu, Ariza-Montes and Han. Coastal and marine tourism offers a wide variety of activities that can be sustainable due to the characteristics of its natural and cultural attractions. The present study was carried out in Jacó, a sustainable destination with coastal and marine characteristics of Costa Rica, with the objectives (i) of identifying the motivations of tourist demand; (ii) segmenting the tourist demand; (iii) establishing a relationship between the segments and sociodemographic aspects; and (iv) determining the relationship between segments of demand and satisfaction and loyalty. This quantitative study collected a sample of 304 valid questionnaires on-site in June 2021. For data analysis, a factorial analysis and non-hierarchical K-means segmentation were performed. The results show five motivational dimensions: “Learning and coastal experience”; “Nature”; “Rest and safety”; “Water sports”; and “Nightlife”—and three segments of tourists: “Multiple motives”; “Passive tourists”; and “Eco-Coastal”. The “Eco-Coastal” segment was the most satisfied in terms of enjoying the coastal nature of the destination. The “Multiple motives” group showed the highest intentions to return, recommend, and spread positive word of mouth. These findings will serve as management guides for coastal and marine destination managers and will help adapt these tourism sites to the new demand instigated by the global health crisis. © 2022 by the authors. This study attempts to more exactly trace tourists’ perceptions of hiking experiences by measuring perceptions in the early, middle, and late stages of a 4-hour hiking trip. A total of 339 respondents participated in this survey while hiking in Jeju Olle, South Korea. A survey was conducted three times using the same respondents and the same questionnaire. A total of 301 questionnaire sets, matched for all three stages of the experience, were used for further data analysis. Hikers indicated differences in their psychological states between the three points in time. In terms of benefits sought, environmental experience, and place attachment, they reported a higher level of immersion in experiential dynamics. However, regarding perceived mood, they became less excited and less rushed, while feeling more bored and relaxed. Four clusters generated after conducting cluster analysis demonstrated differences in perception of the psychological variables across the clusters. © 2023 Asia Pacific Tourism Association. Intelligent transportation systems (ITS) are a collection of technologies that can enhance transport networks and public transit and individual decision-making about various elements of travel. ITS technologies comprise cutting-edge wireless, electronic and automated technology intending to improve safety, efficiency and convenience in surface transit. In certain cases, reducing energy usage has proven to be an ITS advantage. In this report, the primary energy advantages of a range of ITS systems established through models, pilot projects/field tests and extensive use are examined and summarized. In worldwide driving, the Internet of Things (IoT) solutions play a vital role. A new age of communication leading to ITS will be the communication between cars via IoT. IoT is a mixture of data and data analysis data storage and processing to manage the traffic system efficiently. Energy management, which is seen as an efficient, innovative approach to highly efficient energy generation plants. It simultaneously takes care of optimizing traditional sources of the IoT based intelligent transport system, helps to automate railways, roads, airways and shipways, which improve customer experience in the process. Following an evaluation of the situation, a proposal named energy management in intelligent transportation (EMIT) improves energy efficiency and economic efficiency in transportation. It improves energy management to reduce economic and ecological waste by decreasing global transport energy consumption. The sustainable development ratio is 85.7%, accidents detection ratio is 85.3%, electric vehicle infrastructure ratio is 83.6%, intelligent vehicle parking system acceptance ratio is 82.15%, and reduction ratio of energy consumption is 91.4%.  © 2022 World Scientific Publishing Company. In the era of sustainable development, the ecological impact of the development of the tourism industry has attracted extensive attention from all walks of life. Generally considered, tourism ecological security (TES) is an important link to realize the high-quality development of tourism destinations and promote the construction of ecological civilization. Based on keyword discrimination of TES, tourism ecological risk and tourism ecological health, and from the perspective of ecological civilization construction, this paper uses the databases of Web of Science and CNKI as data sources to systematically comb and analyze TES research from the aspects of development process, research methods and research content, and puts forward the prospects for future research on this basis. This analysis found that research in the TES field presents four main characteristics. (1) The phased characteristic of “germination-exploration-development” is significant, and a relatively standard research framework of “evalua-tion-influencing factors-early warning-regulation” has been formed. (2) The empirical orientation of the research methods is distinct. (3) The development trend is characterized by small-scale dominance and a large-scale surge. (4) The disciplinary integration and practical combination have been continuously strengthened. Combined with the development trends and hot spots of TES, this paper proposes that the direction and goal of deepening TES research in the future should be carried out from the aspects of strengthening research on thresholds, early warning and regulation, improving the application of big data, constructing the synergistic effect mechanisms between tourism and ecology, and realizing the longitudinal deepening and interconnection of scale research. © 2022, Editorial office of Journal of Resources and Ecology. All rights reserved. This chapter gives an insight into the issues of overtourism confronted by countries that can be mitigated through the use of Information and Community Technology (ICT) mechanisms to sustain the tourism industry. The fundamental proposition is that the adverse impacts of the influx of excessive tourism in destinations can be tackled through technology-led ambidextrous management policy such as smart technology, use of mobile apps to detect the tourists’ data, analytics for crowd management, censoring tools to observe the behavior of the tourists, tourist cards, eco-friendly apps to conserve bio-diversity, and beach monitoring systems for good governance as well as for restoring peace and harmony of the host country. A model is conceptualized to establish the nature of the association between overtourism and the diffusion of technological innovation as well as diverse aspects of the economy. Our conceptual model generalizes the significance of technology and its feasible solution in mitigating the problems of overtourism. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2021. Perceived value influences the future behavior of tourists in sustainable coastal destinations, and thus is crucial for the elaboration of development plans. This study aims to: (i) identify the dimensions of the perceived value of demand in a coastal and marine destination; (ii) determine the dimensions of the perceived value that predict the satisfaction of the demand of a coastal and marine destination; and (iii) establish the dimensions of perceived value that predict loyalty variables such as return, recommendation, and saying positive things about a coastal and marine destination. This research was carried out in Jacó, a sustainable tourist destination on the Pacific Ocean coast located in the Central American country of Costa Rica. The sample collection was carried out on-site in June 2021 during the COVID-19 pandemic. This quantitative study used a sample of 304 valid questionnaires. Factor analysis and the multiple regression method were performed for data analysis. The results show three dimensions in the perceived value, namely, the emotional and functional value, the social value, and the economic value. The emotional and functional dimension is the most important predictor of satisfaction and loyalty in variables such as return, recommendation, and saying positive things about a coastal and marine destination. The results can serve as a management guide for managers of coastal and marine destinations and as information for service providers to develop products according to demand. © 2022 by the authors. In the era of big data, strategy is an indicator that determines business growth and directly guides the sustainable development of business. This paper aims to study the construction of the SWOT (S stands for strength, W stands for weakness, O stands for opportunity, and T stands for threat.) structure analysis model of e-commerce tourism development strategy based on the experience of big data. Through empirical analysis, it explores the factors that affect the development strategy of e-commerce business, and proposes practical measures and development directions. Based on big data theory, this paper uses SWOT analysis to analyze the e-commerce development strategy of China's rural tourism cooperatives in detail, and uses the analytic hierarchy process to analyze the green development direction of e-commerce tourism enterprises. The experimental results of this paper show that the order of enterprise development strategy selection in the context of big data for tourism electronics is: SO strategy, ST strategy, WO strategy and WT strategy. © 2022 The Authors. IET Communications published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of The Institution of Engineering and Technology This study adds to the nascent but growing literature on the use of big data for pedestrian route choice analysis. We explore behavioral preferences for various route attributes in Boston, MA using a large dataset of GPS trajectories (n = 11,165) sourced from a third-party smartphone app. Although the data are anonymized and limit our exploration of user heterogeneity, the sample size and area coverage are both much larger than seen in most previous studies. We estimate route choice preferences using a path size logit model, and operationalize the coefficients for policy-making through ‘willingness-to-walk’ measures. The value of these measures is demonstrated through an application of computing pedestrian accessibility to transit stations. Additionally, we compare our findings to a previous study in San Francisco, CA using similar data and methods, and previous literature to explore similarities and differences in pedestrian route choice behavior across major metropolitan areas more generally. While our findings can inform walkability policy and practice on several counts, we recommend future efforts to focus on supplementing this study by surveying hard-to-reach populations for more equitable policy-making. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd The role of forests across the world has been recognized as key natural assets that offer several goods and services, especially to communities adjacent to them. Given this role, there have been minimal efforts to determine the factors characterizing this dependence of communities on non-timber forest products (NTFPs), especially in developing nations. This study surveyed and assessed different factors influencing household dependence on NTFPs in the Marrupa-Mecula Corridor, Niassa Special Reserve, Niassa Province of Mozambique. In total, 377 household members from eight villages attended the interview while employing proportional random sampling. Data analysis was done using descriptive statistics and binary logistic regression. The study revealed that 90.9% of the households participate in collecting, producing, and selling NTFPs. Three factors, namely, social, economic, and physical, with twenty sub-factors or characteristics were found to have a significant association with dependence on forest resources. They include the availability of NTFPs, taking a collection of NTFPs as a family job, strong cultural attachment to forests, seasonal engagement in collection, nearby forests being home for community leaders, distance to the nearby forest, the housing needs of forests, forests being a major source of medicine, forests being a resource for educational institutions, forests being a major source of household food security, forests being a ready income for households, forests being a tourist attraction in the area, and affordability of distance to markets. The binary logistic regression revealed that gender, age, education, family size, and time spent in the area are significantly associated with dependence on NTFPs. Additionally, strong cultural attachment to forests, seasonal engagement in collection, nearby forests being homes for community leaders, distance to the nearby forest, housing needs, a major source of medicine, education, household food security, ready income, tourist attraction, and affordability of distance to markets were found to have a significant influence. On the contrary, scary dangerous wild animals, restriction of cultivation in non-gazetted forests, restriction of hunting in non-gazetted forests, and forest fires negatively affected the dependence on NTFPs/resources. As a way of achieving sustainable utilization of NTFPs, management plans and strategies need to incorporate these factors characterizing the dependence on NTFPs. Copyright © 2022 Lubega, Falcão, Ssekandi and Ribeiro. Sustainable tourism is an emerging trend around the world. Eco-friendly (green) hotels are environmentally friendly properties that are becoming more popular among green travellers. Electronic Word-of-Mouth (e-WOM) is a method of communicating with customers to share their experiences and is a powerful marketing tool for hotel marketing. This paper investigates the role of online reviews of eco-friendly hotels for preference learning using multi-criteria decision-making and machine learning techniques. We develop a new method using multi-criteria decision making, supervised and unsupervised learning techniques. The Expectation-Maximization (EM) algorithm is used as an unsupervised learning technique to cluster travellers’ online reviews. We use the Higher-Order Singular-Value Decomposition technique along with a similarity measure to find the most similar customers based on their preference. To predict travellers’ preference for eco-friendly hotels, we employ a neuro-fuzzy system, the Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System, as a supervised learning technique. To select the most important criteria, we use the entropy-weight approach in each segment. Several experiments were performed on the collected data from the Czech Republic's eco-friendly hotels on the TripAdvisor platform. The results demonstrated that the hybrid approach is effective for customers’ segmentation, and preference learning and prediction in eco-friendly hotels. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd With the continuous improvement of living standards, the rapid development of tourism, and increasing maturity of traveler behavior, tourism has become an essential part of people's daily life. Also, in recent years, with the continued development of economic and global integration, coordinated development has become a global trend. After more than 30 years of development and exploration, rural tourism in China is increasingly diversified. The accelerated development of a new socialist countryside and the integrated development of urban and rural areas provide important options for urban residents to escape from their habitual environment and seek leisure, comfort, and relaxation. Meanwhile, rural tourism development is based on certain resources and has a great coupling relationship with China's urban and rural development. As a result, rural tourism has long become a hot issue for academic research. However, with the continuous promotion of rural revitalization, rural tourism in China has presented some serious problems such as resource overdraft. These issues have caused serious harm to China's rural tourism resources and cultural heritage. On this basis, it is necessary to view rural tourism development from the perspective of coordinated regional development. Specifically, rural tourism resources should be characterized through a method of character selection to sort out rural development paths. At the same time, the development of regional tourism linkages for villages with shared source markets, dense location distribution, and similar landscape resources can effectively avoid regional homogeneous competition, form complementary advantages, and achieve sustainable development of regional economy, culture, and society. In addition, with the continuous development of information technology and computer technology in recent years, the construction of digital countryside has been completed. In other words, the conditions are in place to establish a rural tourism resource information platform that combines tourism information database and geospatial framework. The establishment of rural tourism resources information system will meet the information requirements of tourists and tourism management departments and lay the foundation of information technology for the development of rural tourism. Therefore, this study combines multisensor and geographic information big data technology to explore rural tourism resources. After that, based on the analysis of the evaluation results, specific regional overall linkage development strategies are proposed in four aspects: coordinating regional resources, optimizing resource allocation, integrating spatial types, and establishing regional brands. This can provide an effective strategic support for the diversified development direction of rural tourism. © 2022 Lixia Wang. In conditions of forced isolation, nature-based tourism meets the needs of safe and comfortable recreation and travel combined with the solution of acute issues of medical treatment and rehabilitation during the pandemic and post-pandemic periods. This study aims to develop a model for decision-making on change management in nature tourism based on the approach of linear economic and mathematical programming. The paper formalized changes in the variability of objective function parameters of the model and the system of its restrictions, following the structure of assets of nature-based tourism, balanced by the sustainability principle. The algorithm for implementing the model includes four stages: collection and processing of relevant data on nature-based tourism; considering changes in the objective function and the system of its limitations; linear programming with variability tests using the simplex method; defining ranges/limits in which decisions are made. The initial data are summarized and averaged based on the primary data analysis on the functioning of sanatoriums and other tourist and recreational facilities in Ukraine. Short-term nature-based tourism is considered, the services of which are classified according to the criterion of the primary purpose of travel: “wow-effect” tourism, sports tourism, health tourism, traditional recreation, and green tourism. The results make it possible to substantiate decisions on changes in recreational land areas and human resources, on the limits of changes in income due to the dynamics of service prices, as well as determine the price range while maintaining income structure and sustainability limits for natural and human assets of nature-based tourism. © Hanna Shevchenko, Mykola Petrushenko, 2022 The role of information and communication technology (ICT) has become most essentials in tourism industry. However, use of ICT in Indian tourism industry is still in nascent state and as such will face difficulties to compete with their counterparts who have a sound ICT infrastructure. Indian tourism industries are facing problems with lack of various information, low resource availability, high transaction cost, and lack of infrastructure in ICT etc. Thus implementation of smart tourism practices with the help of ICT in eco-tourism destinations like Dooars are very challenging task as it is situated far away from the city and local community are not that much educated and aware for use of ICT in tourism activities. Therefore proper infrastructure and awareness are needed to overcome these challenges. ICT and smart tourism practices in Dooars region will help the tourist to identify better destination, accommodation, transportation, environment, local culture and products, community details, weather etc. Therefore, the aim of this study is to analyze the potential of using ICT as smart tourism which may help the local community to get high-quality and equal opportunity for education; professional skill development, efficient governance and administration. This study is based on a literature review, secondary data analysis and field visit observations. The results of this study will help in understanding the need and future scope for innovative technology for the development of local people, which will be helpful for the growth of sustainable ecotourism in Dooars region of West Bengal, India. © 2022 IEEE. World heritage is a kind of affirmation and high honor given by the international community to the important civilization, historical relics, or natural landscape of a country and nation. This paper studies and analyzes the sustainable development of heritage tourism boosted by smart tourism based on big data artificial intelligence. This paper first analyzes big data and then introduces the concept of smart tourism. Smart tourism is a new future-oriented tourism form that serves the public, enterprises, and governments. It uses the Internet of Things, cloud computing, next-generation communication network, high-performance information processing, intelligent data mining, and other technologies in tourism experience, industrial development, administrative management, and other applications, so that tourism physical resources and information resources have been highly systematically integrated and deeply developed and activated. And then, we analyze and discuss artificial intelligence algorithms. Artificial intelligence is a new technological science that is researched and developed on the basis of computer science as a simulation and extension of human intelligence activities. Finally, a comprehensive analysis is made on the tourism ecological footprint of natural heritage sites and the carrying capacity of tourism ecology in natural heritage sites. The experimental results of this paper show that the tourism development of this natural heritage site is in a sustainable state. The reasons are as follows: First, the average tourist ecological footprint of the place is 0.009466 hm2, the average tourism ecological carrying capacity is 0.032861 hm2, and there is an average ecological surplus of 0.02339 hm2; secondly, the average tourist natural footprint is 18285.93 hm2, the average tourism environmental carrying capacity is 40421.97 hm2, and the average ecological surplus is 22136.04 hm2. To sum up, it shows that its tourism development is in a state of sustainable development.  © 2022 Dan Li et al. Background: The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and universal design (UD) principles call for inclusive planning. Within the transportation field, this includes the development or improvement of facilities that accommodate people with disabilities. Between 10% and 20% of the African population is affected by disabilities. A lack of understanding of the needs of people with disabilities leads to isolation. Within the transportation field, isolation manifests itself as a reduction in trip-making. Methods: This paper investigates the availability of transport policies and guidelines in 29 different African countries, focusing on the inclusion of persons with disabilities. A desktop study was conducted creating heat maps for 29 African countries, followed by the analysis of secondary data in the case study area, South Africa, demonstrating that the lack of adequate policies, guidelines, and appropriate implementation leads to a lack of accessibility, opportunities, and social isolation, measured through trip frequencies. Results: The data analysed revealed that many African countries omit, or only superficially include, people with disabilities in their transport policy framework. Ghana has the most inclusive People with Disabilities Act, while South Africa is most inclusive regarding their planning and design of transport facilities and services. In South Africa, 4.5% of the population did not travel at all in the 7 days before the interview, as disability or age prevented them from doing so, or due to a lack of appropriate travel services. When comparing the trip rates per week, people with disabilities travel significantly less, between 27.2% and 65.8%, than their abled counterparts. Conclusions: The study reveals that people with disability live less integrated, more isolated lives due to the lack of acknowledgement in the transport policy framework and accommodation in infrastructure and services. The results underpin the need for disability-inclusive planning in the African context and provide recommendations for actions that mitigate the isolation challenges faced by people with disabilities. Municipalities play a crucial role in improving the quality of life for people with disabilities. © 2021, The Author(s). Background: The ongoing COVID-19 quarantine restrictions have caused multiple sharp decreases in activities associated with the movement of large masses of people. The economies of regions and cities that are critically dependent on tourist flows related to various segments have suffered. This research aims to provide an economic-mathematical model of smart cities externalities' impact from the point of view of achieving social and environmental goals Methods: The objective of this study was to develop an algorithm for supporting decision-makers. Methods of mathematical modeling, statistical processing of data received in real-time, as well as methods for finding solutions by expansion into dynamic series are used, and the theory of mathematical games is applied. The theoretical mathematical model presented considers the statistical processing of data provided in real time referring to the performance indicators of megacities. Results: The activities of administrations and governments aimed at maintaining stability over the past two years have been aimed at reducing the negative impact of the pandemic. The prospect of returning to normal conditions is complicated by a number of factors. The proposed approach allows the development of the fundamental basis for making administrative decisions within individual megapolises and in environmental policy on a territory of any scale. The developed mathematical model is abstract by definition and is applied by taking into account specific tasks and criteria. Since the tasks of the administration differ depending on the region and country, the choice of criteria is set individually. Conclusions: During the period of isolation, the volume of services in the Hotel - Restaurant- Catering/Café (HORECA) segment has decreased, and personnel has also been lost. The reduced pressure on public infrastructure and the departure of migrants means that, in the long term, this work cannot be restored within a short period of time. © 2022 Vladimirovna Kalinina O et al. This study examines how restaurants’ concern shifted towards visitors’ motivating factors and their impact on visitors’ attachment with the restaurants which leads restaurants to have loyalty from visitors. Authors investigate whether attitude towards restaurants and digital relationship experience is mediating the established relationship or not. We also explored the role of open kitchen service in a restaurant as a moderator. An empirical investigation was carried out on a total of 745 respondents from India, where primary data was collected through an online survey method. Items drawn for the current study are based on an exhaustive literature review. This study has utilised symmetric as well as asymmetric methods to test and validate the data analysis results. For symmetric model assessment, this study has used SmartPLS, Process Micro, and Artificial Neural Network and for asymmetric modelling, fuzzy set qualitative comparative analysis (fsQCA) has been applied. The empirical study outcomes confirm that visitors’ attachment with restaurants is high when restaurants are taking care of motivating factors such as: engaging their visitors in online communities, aspire to inspire, customized billboards, VIP gestures, quality of hygienic food, user-generated content in the form of reviews. Also, building a relationship with visitors helps to build their experience in favour of restaurants which turns them into loyal visitors. And, most important, the concept called the open kitchen is quite appreciated by the young generation. The concept explored in the current study is innovative since it gives the new direction to the restaurants to build their loyalty and get connected with the visitors with more advanced motivating factors that help them to build visitors’ attachment towards the restaurants. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. Nowadays, the Information and Communication Technologies (ICTs) are influencing people's lives, and a data-driven model is empowering almost all business. Tourism sector is not an exception in the era of ICTs when smart devices are indispensable components. Information searching traces are left when people are using the smart devices for information supporting decision making. Therefore, referring to the tourism sector, the success of destination markets largely depends on tourists' inspirations to choose and to visit. Big Data analytics is one of the methods predicting tourists' arrivals to destinations. This paper aims at two folds, on the one hand, identifying tourists' motivations to visit sustainable tourism destinations, on the other hand, exploring big data analytics' capabilities in examining tourists' selections to visit sustainable tourism destinations, especially, in the times of the post pandemic era. © by the International Institute of Informatics and Systemics. The purpose of this study is to find the key factors of influence for the use and acceptance of Virtual Reality (VR) by tourists visiting National Parks in Costa Rica. The aim is to find whether tourists are willing to use VR to contribute to the eco-friendly performance of the area they visit and to determine whether they are willing to use VR in environmental tourism to protect flora and fauna. This study is quantitative and uses the theoretical Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of Technology (UTAUT) Model and a survey as the research instrument to obtain data. Data analysis was carried out using a PLS-SEM statistical analysis. The data collection procedure consisted of 50 people being surveyed in the initial pre-test phase and later 455 tourists in the fieldwork phase with national or foreign people over the age of 18 who visit or have visited the national parks of Costa Rica. The results show that there is a positive relationship between eco-friendly performance and the intention to use VR technology, as well as the actual use of VR for the benefit of the environment. The UTAUT2 model was used to find the effect of eco-friendly performance on the intention to use VR, as well as the use of this technology during visits to tourist destinations. The originality of the work is in answering the question of how to develop sustainable tourism in Costa Rica with the use of VR devices and applications that also allow the conservation of flora and fauna. © 2021 Elsevier B.V. This article analyzes the effect of social capital on resident attitudes toward tourism and support for tourism based on data collected from 637 residents in Tucker County, West Virginia. Data analysis includes descriptive analysis, factor analysis, confirmatory factor analysis, structural equation modeling, multigroup analysis, and ANOVA. Results confirm findings of other studies that concern for the potential environmental, and social impacts of tourism and long-term planning have a direct positive effect on support for additional tourism development. In addition to the direct effect of the social and environmental impacts of tourism and long-term planning on support for tourism, this study identified that a common vision and participation in local organizations and informal social groups has a significant direct effect on long-term planning and protection of community values and an indirect effect on support for tourism development. In addition, significant differences were identified according to group, stake, and power in the community. © 2022 Cognizant, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Understanding the determinants of elderly people's public transport usage patterns can offer new insights into elderly mobility issues and provide policy implications for planning toward an aging-friendly and sustainable city. However, few studies have examined the impact of the built environment on the trip time of the elderly using big data. Moreover, the elderly's trip time has been mostly investigated by the multivariate linear regression model (MLR), ignoring the non-linear association between explanatory variables and trip time. Using smart card data from Nanjing in 2019, this study employs a gradient boosting regression trees (GBRT) model to probe into the correlations between the built environment and the elderly's trip time. The results show that significant non-linear relationships exist between trip time and the selected explanatory variables, which cannot be captured by the MLR model. It suggests that relevant policy implementations should be carried out in conjunction with the elderly's travel environment by regarding their threshold effects. Besides, interaction effects of spatial attributes on trip time are identified in our study. For example, elderly people living in the exurban area are more likely to take long-distance metro travel for their physical exercise. These findings demonstrate that planners and policymakers should not only consider one single built-environment factor, but also the interactions of various factors to enhance elderly mobility.  © 2022 Zhuangbin Shi et al. The proceedings contain 72 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Advanced Research in Technologies, Information, Innovation and Sustainability. The topics include: A Control Problem with Passive Particles Driven by Point Vortices on the Sphere; the Dangers of Gamification; mobile Applications in Tourism: A Tale of Two Perspectives; accessibility Study in Hotels in the City of Quito; a Comprehensive Study on Remote Laboratories Based on Pneumatic and Electro-Pneumatic Systems; Augmented Reality in Clothing Consumer Customization in COVID-19 Pandemic: A Preliminary Study; identification of Mango Fruit Maturity Using Robust Industrial Devices and Open-Source Devices Applying Artificial Vision; FHSS Classification System in the Spectrum Using SDR Generators for Signal Inhibitors; Front-End Framework to Improve HCI, Evaluated Using an Eye-Tracking; GraphQL or REST for Mobile Applications?; advanced Exploratory Data Analysis for Moroccan Shopping Places in TripAdvisor; content Richness, Perceived Price, and Perceived Ease of Use in Relation to the Satisfaction Level and Brand Equity in Streaming Platforms; augmented Virtual Reality in Data Visualization; big Data Analytics to Measure the Performance of Higher Education Students with Online Classes; COVID-19 Fake News Detection Using Joint Doc2Vec and Text Features with PCA; eye Tracking and Visual Attention in a Retail Context: Can Point-of-Sale Stickers Guide Customers?; error Classification Using Automatic Measures Based on n-grams and Edit Distance; understanding and Predicting Process Performance Variations of a Balanced Manufacturing Line at Bosch; a Comparative Analysis on the Summarization of Legal Texts Using Transformer Models; determination of the Factors Influencing Proper Face Recognition in Faces Protected by Face Masks, an Analysis of Their Algorithms and the Factors Affecting Recognition Success; Evaluation Metrics in Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI). Tourism consists of a “neuralgic” sector of the economy of many countries, and for it to be viable in the future years, sustainable practices are applied. One area of sustainability in the tourism sector is the interest in sustainable practices that hotels employ. This research focuses on the sustainable practices that hotels use, and specifically, it measures the green hotel practices as evaluated by the Greek Generation Z cohort. Seven statements referring to a hotel’s (0–5 star) environmental policy that is easily detected when staying at a hotel room are evaluated by 736 Generation Z members. Criteria for participating in the study were to be an adult member of the Greek Generation Z cohort, thus born 1995–2001 in 2019, have internet access, an email or Facebook account, and stayed at a hotel for at least two nights. Additionally, satisfaction, intention to return, and intention to recommend the hotel are measured based on the hotel’s environmentally friendly practices. A web-based questionnaire was utilized for data selection in May 2020, during the country’s lockdown, with questions referring to hotel accommodation of the previous year. Data analysis incorporated descriptive statistics, K-Means Cluster analysis, chi-square, and cross-tabulation tests. Cluster analysis is applied to all seven statements, plus the three statements: satisfaction, intention to return, and intention to recommend. K-Means Cluster analysis extracted three segments, precisely the “environmentally indifferent,” the “environmentally sensitive,” and the “environmentally insensitive but dissatisfied”. Marketing directions are provided two-fold: towards the targeted customer group, i.e., the Greek members of the Generation Z cohort for increasing environmental awareness, as well as towards the hoteliers with recommendations referring to low-cost sustainable practices. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. Ngargoyoso District, Karanganyar Regency Central Java Indonesia is categorized as vulnerable area for landslides. This area is characterized with high slope and its soil has texture and structure which easy to slide and erosion. The purpose of this study was to formulate a strategy to increase the community capacity on reducing regional and morphological risks of development in accordance with area functions, landslide susceptibility and soil erosion hazard level. The data used in this study was primary data, obtained through interviews with farmers and agricultural extension workers. Respondents were purposively selected with certain criteria. Qualitative descriptive approach and SWOT analysis were employed for data analysis. Strategies formulated were: 1) community needed to increase knowledge to understand environmental risks; 2) community motivation needed to create sustainable environment; 3) importance of environmentally friendly tourism management. The expected implementation of the current result is that community need to depend on the sustainable agricultural sector for their livelihood. Communities can reduce the risk of landslides that can harm their live in material and non-material aspect. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. In the data-driven world, data is created in huge volume and then analyzed by several organizations to get benefit from them. Smart city is one of the examples to use big data to offer improved services for its resident and tourist. However, some countries face certain obstacles to analyze the big data integration for sustainability in smart city development. Therefore, the purpose of this research paper is to identify and analyze the significant barriers related to sustainable smart city development. To accomplish this objective, fourteen barriers of big data analytics are selected through the combined approach of literature review and expert input. After that, these barriers are evaluated using the best worst method for obtaining deeper insights. The result of this study reveals that the most significant barrier is 'lack of technologies for BDA', 'lack of BDA framework', 'nature of big data', and 'low availability of analytics platforms for big data'. These barriers need to address on priority to develop a sustainable smart city. This study is helpful to the urban planner, government, and consultancy agencies to decide on the adoption of BDA for sustainable smart city development. Further, they can also optimize their resources in the best possible manner to achieve the sustainable development of the existing smart cities.  © 2013 IEEE. Unlike inertialess two-layer shear flows, three-layer ones can become unstable to long-wave interfacial instabilities due to a resonance mechanism between the interfaces. This interaction is codified in this paper through a set of coupled nonlinear evolution equations derived here in the limit of strong surface tension. A number of parameters are employed to cover a fairly general range of three-layer shear flows driven by a constant pressure gradient. The equations are analyzed using a combination of linear and computational techniques, identifying two linear instability mechanisms noted in the literature previously. The first is a kinematic instability due to the viscosity jumps across fluid phases and the second is a counterintuitive diffusion-derived instability, known in the literature as the Majda-Pego instability and mostly studied for second order diffusion. In the present work it is fourth order, due to surface tension, making the problem mathematically much more challenging. Three unstable parameter regimes of interest are identified linearly and are explored nonlinearly via pseudospectral numerical simulations. For thin middle layers we find steady-state traveling waves or states with asymptotically thinning regions leading to interfacial contact. However, for thin upper or lower layers, complex spatiotemporal dynamics emerge at large times that are characterized by fast time oscillations of the near-wall interface and slow oscillations of that farther away. Data analysis suggests that the dynamics is quasiperiodic in time and additionally coarsening phenomena are observed for large domain sizes leading to modulated traveling wave trains. The kinematic instability mechanism is shown to be triggered nonlinearly via the Majda-Pego mechanism. It can also be triggered by sufficiently large amplitude initial disturbances where linear instabilities are absent, although the transition is not necessarily self-sustaining in all cases. ©2022 American Physical Society Mobility is the main key for smart living, where navigation and automatic suggestions are also a strategy for a successful life in smart cities. Big Data analytics are behind urban changes in the mobility of smart cities to bring sustainable life. By the year 2025 all over Indian states can reach the expected lifestyle by providing high security and mobility which can grow the opportunities also high. As the population is rapidly increasing, the needs of people are also increasing such that necessitating real-time apps for daily needs, communication devices, and so on. We focus our idea on the benefits of traffic and safety measures which are becoming a huge challenge nowadays. Many are preferred with sophistication when traveling for short distances. In such a way the big data analytics tools R studio and weka are used on the dataset smart city from the Kaggle website for traffic patterns during the high traffic duration. Using the dataset, the data are classified using a Support vector machine (SVM) and applied with regression such as linear, logistic regression to find the accuracy of traffic peak situations. The proposed work aims to compare the efficiency of big data technologies which can be applied using various classification and regression that can be shown on various tools such as R, Weka, map-reduce which can produce accurate results to visualize the smart cities and their traffic analysis. © 2022 Reasonable and effective regional ecological evaluation and analysis methods can be an effective help for urban sustainable development, but there are still some errors in the current ecological prediction and analysis methods. To solve this problem, this paper proposes a prediction method of per capita ecological carrying capacity based on the autoregressive integrated moving average model (ARIMA) and long short-term memory (LSTM). First, the method improves the ecological footprint model based on energy analysis and constructs a comprehensive regional ecological data model; considering the complex characteristics of ecological data set, based on the ARIMA network model and LSTM model, a reliable and efficient big data prediction model of per capita ecological carrying capacity is established by analyzing the linear or nonlinear data sets in the data set. Finally, according to the actual ecological data set collected in Shenzhen, China, the results show that the economic and ecological trend of Shenzhen is generally good. © 2022 Ping Xu. The rapid development of social economy and mobile Internet has pushed tourism geography research into the era of big data. Under the background of informatization, the combination degree of tourism and information industry is increasing day by day, and the mutual influence degree of tourist flow and tourism information flow is deepening day by day. It is of great significance to maintain the harmonious and mutually promoting coordination relationship between the two for promoting the sustainable development of tourism. This paper mainly studies the survey data statistics of the attention of the tourism economic network in the era of Internet +. This paper takes A-level scenic spots in this province as the research object, combines Baidu index, collects website data, adopts ArcGIS and GeoDA software, and studies the spatial pattern and coupling relationship between online attention and satisfaction degree through spatial analysis and mathematical statistics methods. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. The European Commission commits to make mobility fair and equal for all – for instance, by making the new mobility affordable and accessible in all regions and for all passengers. One of the key goals is building a sustainable ecosystem where companies can develop innovative services through sharing, re-using and trading transport data assets. Moreover, digitalisation will determine how passengers will travel in the future if the right conditions are created. The authors are reviewing enriched sustainable trip planner concept. This research aims to measure delay probability on public transport routes based on historical arrival accuracy data using modern methods and algorithms and include it in a set of criteria for trip planners. Data on public transport delays in Riga city are used for approbation. The ability for the traveller to have objective data regarding price and schedule and have data about a possible delay will allow planning of a trip to become more precise, and what is the most important, will increase trust in public transportation. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. Geoheritage refers to areas of geodiversity that have been specifically identified as having conservation significance. Nowadays, heritage and tourism have significant impacts on the ecotourism sector. Geoparks have a clear vision to develop and manage a geological heritage site using concepts such as protection, education and sustainable development. However, geoheritage tourism will impact the ways Geopark recognition affects the surrounding environment which, in the case study area, is the Kilim Karst Geoforest Park (KKGP). The study used an in-depth interview method, with the target respondents being experts and professionals in this field. All the interview structure and questions were strategically arranged into a smaller number of aspects and elements. The results were analysed using the Atlas.ti software version 8. The qualitative data analysis was transferred into a Conceptual Model Network (CMN). Based on the Conceptual Model Network, it was recognised that positive and negative impacts were affected by several factors. Geotourism activity resulted in the most disturbances in KKGP; proper management planning could solve these problems. This study hopes to organise and produce precise and accurate data concerning the impact of Geopark recognition on the Kilim Karst Geoforest Park (KKGP), Langkawi. The findings also will inspire further Geopark-related studies directed towards potential future Geoparks in Malaysia and other countries. © Liscensee SPSD Press This open access article is published under a Creative Commons [Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International] license. https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/ Epidemic outbreaks such as Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) impact the health of our society and bring significant disruptions to the US and the world. Each country has to dynamically adjust health policies, plan healthcare resources, control travels with little time latency to mitigate risks and safeguard the population. With rapid advances in health and information technology, more and more data are collected in the dynamically evolving process of epidemic outbreaks. The availability of data calls upon the development of analytical methods and tools to gain a better understanding of virus spreading dynamics, optimize the design of healthcare policies for epidemic control, and improve the resilience of health systems. This paper presents a holistic review of the system informatics approach, i.e., Define, Measure, Analyze, Improve, and Control (DMAIC), for epidemic response and management through the intensive use of data, statistics and optimization. Despite the sustained successes of system informatics in a variety of established industries such as manufacturing, logistics, services and beyond, there is a dearth of concentrated review and application of the data-driven DMAIC approach in the context of epidemic outbreaks. First, we define specific challenges posed by epidemic outbreaks to populational health, health systems, as well as economic challenges to different industries such as retailing, education and manufacturing. Second, we present a review of medical testing and statistical sampling methods for data collection, as well as existing efforts in data management and data visualization. Third, we discuss the importance to realizing the full potential of data for epidemic insights, and emphasize the need to leverage analytical methods and tools for decision support. Fourth, an epidemic brings imperative changes to health systems. We discuss the new trend of healthcare solutions to improve system resilience, including telehealth, artificial intelligence, resource allocation, and system re-design. In closing, prescriptive approaches are discussed to optimize the health policies and action strategies for controlling the spread of virus. We posit that this work will catalyze more in-depth investigations and multi-disciplinary research efforts to accelerate the application of system informatics methods and tools in epidemic response and risk management. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. One of the city government's programs to upgrade the representation of Banda Aceh as a green city was to revitalize the open space of krueng Aceh riverbanks. However, such a work has been progressing slowly. Although some wide banks area have been processed into parks, but, some other areas especially those with narrow areas in sizes of the banks have not been upgraded. Currently, these areas, with less green, have been becoming slum where some illegal settlements occurred. In general, the area along Aceh riverbanks has not been design comprehensively, since there has insecure public accessibility, irregular park zoning, un functioned water tourism facilities, un proper waste management system, and un balanced socio-economic conditions in relation to local environmental conditions. The purpose of this study is to identify the characteristics of green open space at the Krueng Aceh riverbanks, Banda Aceh City and formulate criteria for structuring Green Open Spaces based on Sustainable Urban Riverfront. This research uses descriptive qualitative research method. The research instrument used was interviews, field observations, literature studies. Data analysis was carried out in a qualitative descriptive manner with data reduction analysis techniques, data presentation and conclusion. The results of this study are the design recommendations for Green Open Space (GOS) that apply the principles of sustainable urban riverfront. The development of the potential of the Krueng Aceh riverbank as a green open space is expected to be a sustainable landscape and able to support the function of the area from the ecological, social, and economic aspects. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. The proceedings contain 23 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Business, Entrepreneurship and Ethics. The topics include: Highlighting the Main Poles of Political Performance and Governance Capacity at EU Level. Implications in the Context of COVID-19 Crisis; Challenges in Managing the Resources of the Economic Entity Caused by the COVID-19 Pandemic; Analysis of the Role of Trust and Uncertainty in Tourism Decision-Making as a Result of the Security Measures Introduced by SARS-CoV-2; Sustainable Industrial Development in Romania During the COVID-19 Pandemic; green Economy: Opportunities for Reshaping Personal Transportation? Between Tough Technological Choices and Induced Client Behavior; comparative Analysis of Romania’s Regional Competitiveness; Elaboration of a Circular Economy Composite Index for the EU27 Countries; Shedding Light on the Effects of Corruption on Economic Growth: Empirical Evidence Across EU Countries Based on Panel Data Analysis and Simulation Forecast Scenarios; Cultural Consumption in the Context of COVID-19 Pandemic: An Exploratory Approach; Mapping the Field: Investigating the Literature on Informality and COVID-19 Pandemic Through a Text Analysis Approach; the Opportunity to Approach Sustainable Development from the Perspective of the Economic and Social Environment in the Context of the Covid-19 Crisis; forecasting the Bitcoin Closing Price in Times of the Pandemic Using Box-Jenkins Methodology; the Role of the Professional Accountant in Identifying Solutions for a Fast Business Recovery; pillars of Interest of the Twenty-First Century: Digitalization and Job Satisfaction; The Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on the Propensity of Emerging Entrepreneurs to Start Social Enterprises in Romania. The coastal in Ampelgading has a tourism potential that needs to be optimized. The research aimed to describe the quality and carrying capacity of the beach for sustainable recreational activities. This research uses descriptive methods with quantitative and qualitative approach. This research used primary data that obtained from visitor interview and secondary data that obtain from government publication. Variables in this research are Accessibility, Environmental Quality, Comfortability, Infrastructure and Aminities. Data analysis uses weighting and scoring. The results showed that Ampelgading classified in very high level of quality and carrying capacity for recreational activities. Tourism managers and local governments need. © 2022 Editura Universitatii din Oradea. All rights reserved. With the progress of human society, people pay more and more attention to natural and cultural resources, and urban tourism resources have also received extensive attention. The evaluation and development of urban tourism resources has also become a hot topic in the current research field. Urban tourism has become a new trend in the tourism consumption market, and the tourism industry has huge potential for development and strong growth points. Due to the influence of many factors in the evaluation and development of urban tourism resources, comprehensive analysis of various data is required, which is a complex systematic project. Tourism resources are the material basis and prerequisite for tourism development. Understanding the framework conditions such as the quantity, scope, quality, distribution, and development potential of tourism resources has become a necessary condition for the large-scale development of tourism resources. A reasonable and scientific evaluation of resources is the scientific basis for the formulation of tourism planning and development planning, and ensures the correct formulation of the sequence, depth and direction of the development of tourism resources. At the same time, with the continuous development of science and technology, artificial intelligence has been widely used in various fields. Therefore, by constructing a model for comprehensive evaluation and development of tourism resources to analyze the relationship between various influencing factors, it plays an important role in promoting the sustainable and healthy development of tourism. This article adopts experimental analysis method and data analysis method, and aims to build a systematic and quantifiable model based on artificial intelligence technology to measure the value of urban tourism resources and provide a reference for the development and utilization of its resources. According to the research results, with the technical support of artificial intelligence, the intelligent model of this experiment can basically evaluate the tourism resources of a city, and to a certain extent can reflect the current situation of local tourism and the direction that needs improvement, so as to realize reasonable and effective development to promote the development of the local tourism industry. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. With the development of modern rural tourism, it has become people's spiritual demand to deeply tap the characteristic rural culture and continuously enhance the attraction of rural tourism. However, due to the complex tourism market environment, small changes in factors will affect the final result. Therefore, traditional methods cannot accurately predict the future tourism market. In view of this situation, this paper uses the mathematical algorithm of BP neural network to simulate the structure of brain neural network to deal with this kind of nonlinear relationship problem. Through the classification of complex and changeable factors, the modeling is completed systematically, and finally the effective prediction results are obtained. For the analysis of the time evolution of tourism resources development, it can be found from the policy development theory that the innovative development presents the characteristics of S-shaped curve in time; that is, the number adopted in the initial stage of development is less, then enters the rapid development period, and finally develops slowly. This study will help to solve the primary problem of balancing the positive and negative effects of rural tourism development and realizing the sustainable development of coastal villages. © 2022 Yao Tang. The Natural Reserves Fund (NRF) has a special environmental and other value and functions to preserve the natural diversity of landscapes, maintain the overall ecological balance and provide background monitoring of the environment (Law of Ukraine "About Nature Reserve Fund of Ukraine"). The preservation, development and effective use of NRF, the formation of a national network of environmental protection areas and its integration into the All-European Econet is an extremely urgent task of Ukraine state policy. Nowadays, NRF protected areas, especially national nature parks, regional landscape parks, etc. have become increasingly popular among tourists. The number of recreants and tourists is increasing. Recreants and tourists are important stakeholders in territory management in Carpathian region. They are interested in staying in natural environment and sites with the uppermost visual attractive values. Recreants most of all need high level of natural resources for treatment and rehabilitation (mineral waters, climatic factors, etc.). (Liashenko et al., 2021). That is why the necessity of sustainable recreational nature management is increasing, too. The most powerful recreational nature management instruments are GIS. These technologies are convenient for describing recreational resources quality and availability. They are useful for spatial data analyses, synthesis and visualizing with modern cartographic resources; web maps, web atlases, tourist web portals, etc. © 2022 International Conference of Young Professionals, GeoTerrace 2022. All rights reserved. Overtourism refers not only to situations in which carrying capacity levels have been exceeded, but also to those in which tourists and residents share negative feelings of discomfort and other emotions, loss of quality of life and unpleasant experiences in their activities of daily life. The growing number of places struggling with the problem of overtourism suggests that brand new approaches are required to minimize the effects of excessive tourism. However, the impacts of overtourism are place-specific and a one-size-fits-all approach is inappropriate. Many destinations still have a considerable margin to manoeuvre but are nonetheless heading towards increasingly unsustainable levels of tourists per square kilometer. Such regions have time to take some pre-emptive measures based on principles of sustainable development using greener and energy-saving technologies. Over the past few decades, degrowth has arisen as an unorthodox approach based on principles of fairness and social and environmental justice. In certain areas, such as island economies, the economic dynamics remain largely dependent on the tourism sector, which forces the local actors to think and act differently. In this study, we analyze the strategies employed by Madeira to counter the negative effects of oversaturation in a pre-emptive way. The findings of this case study, based on the data at the county level, are enhanced by a panel data analysis of a number of relevant explanatory variables explaining the dispersion of tourists to the rural hinterland. The results suggest that the development of the rural hinterland has proven capable of exerting a progressively positive influence well beyond the borders of the rural hinterland by accommodating a growing share of the increasing numbers of tourists welcomed in the region in the 2002–2019 period, at the expense of the main capital city. This study confirms the importance and potential of the development of the rural hinterland to tackle overtourism in the main tourism areas. In terms of recommendations, it is suggested that local operators and policy-makers must develop efforts to research new ways to adopt energy-saving projects and develop tourisms products that incorporate eco-friendly behaviors. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Post-apartheid South Africa created opportunities for black and marginalized entrepreneurs to venture into township tourism and to contribute towards the growth of the mainstream economy. However, a number of challenges threaten the long-term survival, profitability and growth of businesses, due to some distinct characteristics of the business environment. This study explored the typologies of challenges faced by micro-tour operators in the South West Townships, officially referred to as Soweto, South Africa. The qualitative study design used in-depth interviews to collect data from ten (10) micro-tour operators. Data analysis utilised content and thematic analysis to identify the typologies of the business characteristics and challenges. The original contribution of the research is the discovery of a distinct typology of challenges affecting micro township-based tour operators categorized by three levels of challenges: macro, meso, and micro. These challenges range from the transformation of the tourism industry, discord in entrepreneurship policy intentions and intervention approaches, historic infrastructural challenges, perception of townships’ general economy, and background based on the negative political impact of the apartheid system. The study concludes that the state of micro-tourism enterprises in townships is still underdeveloped as a result of the challenges confronted by these enterprises that hinder their growth and sustainability. The study recommends an inclusive policy framework, consisting of plans for township tourism development in Soweto and South Africa in general. Furthermore, township micro-tour operators in Soweto should formulate a formal sustainable business strategy that outlines the business objectives and its purpose. © 2021 African Journal of Science, Technology, Innovation and Development. The proceedings contain 22 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Smart Cities. The topics include: Photovoltaic Cells Defects Classification by Means of Artificial Intelligence and Electroluminescence Images; integration of Internet of Things Technologies in Government Buildings Through Low-Cost Solutions; p2P Energy Trading Model for a Local Electricity Community Considering Technical Constraints; VIA: A Virtual Informative Assistant for Smart Tourism; Development and Improvement of a Data Storage System in a Microgrid Environment with HomeAssistant and MariaDB; Hybrid GRASP+VND for Flexible Vehicle Routing in Smart Cities; using Open Data to Analyze Public Bus Service from an Age Perspective: Melilla Case; open-Source Big Data Platform for Real-Time Geolocation in Smart Cities; a Covid-19 Vaccination Tracking and Control Platform in Santiago de Cali; energy-Aware Smart Home Planning: A Real Case Study in Montevideo, Uruguay; prescriptive Analytics in Smart Cities: A Combinatorial Approach in Rescue Operations; a Practical Approach for Sustainable Transit Oriented Development in Montevideo, Uruguay; methodology for Inspection of Defects in Photovoltaic Plants by Drone and Electroluminescence; preface; travel Time Estimation in Public Transportation Using Bus Location Data; a Machine Learning Approach for Detecting Traffic Incidents from Video Cameras; Upgrading Urban Services Through BPL: Practical Applications for Smart Cities; design and Installation of an IoT Electricity and Water Technological and Monitoring Solution; smart Technologies for Monitoring Older Adults with Dementia; a Case Study of Smart Industry in Uruguay: Grain Production Facility Optimization. The arrival of the Internet era has provided unprecedented opportunities and challenges for the development of rural tourism in China. Although China has a certain development prospect in rural tourism and e-commerce, its development of rural tourism e-commerce is still lagging behind compared with that of developed countries. This paper analyzes the current situation and existing problems of rural tourism e-commerce in China, and proposes that the government should improve the strategic planning and integrate the business platforms of rural tourism to realize sustainable development. Internet big data should be applied to develop rural tourism community and create people-oriented e-commerce website services; multi-disciplinary talents of rural tourism e-commerce should be vigorously cultivated; the operators should change their ideas, keep pace with the times and diversify their marketing, so as to promote the development of rural tourism e-commerce in China. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. In this research, we aim to define and analyze dynamic capabilities (DCs) for organizational resilience (OR) to achieve sustainability in the tourism industry (SST) in Saudi Arabia. In fact, we admit that resilience is the foundation for the development of sustainability based on different factors and capabilities. After debating the concept of DC for resilience and its dimensions, an integrative model of resilience, sustainability, factors and DCs was developed and tested to identify the joined effect of these factors. The research adopted a quantitative research design and the survey method to collect data. Structural equation modeling was selected for data analysis. Through a dataset of 200 respondents, results indicated the four main components of DC significantly affect OR by a mediating effect and moderate the relationship between OR and sustainable tourism. The mediating effect confirmed here is still related to only three resilience factors: resilience network, organizational factors and individual factors. Managerial and theoretical implications are also discussed at the end of this paper. The research model defined and tested can be considered as a critical pathway for resilience on tourism industry in Saudi Arabia after crisis caused by COVID-19 pandemic. © 2022 The Author(s). This open access article is distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) 4.0 license. Tourism is one of the fastest-growing economic sectors in the world. However, the development of tourism in various regions does not necessarily guarantee the welfare of the local community of the tourist destinations. Moreover, there is an inevitable correlation between the rapid growth of tourism and large-scale negative impacts. In promoting sustainable tourism development, national and local government need to pay attention to environmental and cultural preservation. There is also a need to prioritize the interests of local communities to foster a sustainable community-based tourism (CBT). This study analyzes the question of community participation in realizing sustainable CBT in Karimunjawa, an archipelago of 27 islands in the Java Sea. Primary and secondary data were collected with snowball sampling selection techniques, using participatory observation, interviews, and documentation. Data analysis was conducted using the interactive analysis method of data reduction, data presentation, and drawing conclusions. The results show that the typology of community participation in realizing sustainable CBT in Karimunjawa can be classified as the Spontaneous-Induced Participation type—seen from the planning, implementation, and supervision stages. The participation of the Karimunjawa community is the result of the interaction between spontaneous and induced participation. In some of its dimensions, participation is active and bottom-up, while, in others, participation is still top-down and passive. In this respect, we argue that sustainable tourism development will succeed only if spontaneous participation is enhanced. Since the research is limited to the Karimunjawa area, its results cannot be generalized to others. Any further studies need to conduct research on broader or different areas, so that a wider range of similarities and differences can be revealed and analyzed. In this way, it should be possible to identify the characteristics of successful community participation for sustainable tourism development. © 2021 Kurniawan, E., Astuti, T.M.P., Syifauddin, M. Study tour is an educational activity that combines learning and tourism. It can connect extracurricular education with school learning. Study tour is an effective way to improve students' practical ability, observing skills and Independent living. This paper has analyzed the satisfaction appraisal of geo-oriented study tour from the viewpoint of perceived value theory. This paper has constructed a four-dimension system according to the theory of tourist perceived value, and discussed the relationship between satisfaction and perceived value of tourist through a questionnaire survey, conducted in Mount Sanqingshan world geopark. The questionnaire survey happened from July to September 2021. 239 questionnaires were collected. There were 228 valid questionnaires. Among them, 54.82% were generally satisfied, and 22.34% were dissatisfied. Few people feel particularly satisfied. This paper uses SPSS25 software to analyze the reliability of the collected data. Firstly, Cronbach's Alpha value was 0.897>0.7, the KMO value is 0.865 greater than 0.5, the variance explanation rate is 13.515%. Secondly, by extracting common factors with eigenvalues greater than 1, 4 common factors are obtained. The cumulative variance explanation rate reached 80.685%, indicating that 4 common factors have a greater influence on 16 variables. We put forward some suggestions based on the data analysis. © 2022 by Aussino Academic Publishing House. With the continuous development of rural tourism, rural tourism resources have been developed and utilised, which has increased the income of rural residents, improved the rural industrial structure, and accelerated the development of rural areas. This paper takes Guiyang City as the research object, constructs a comprehensive evaluation system of agricultural economic system and rural tourism system, and uses entropy method to measure the weight of system evaluation index. Based on the coupling coordination model, the level of coupling coordination between agricultural economy and rural tourism in Guiyang is analysed. Research shows that during the period 2007–2019, the comprehensive evaluation index of Guiyang’s agricultural economic system and rural tourism system has increased year by year, and its coupling coordination degree has also shown an increasing trend, developing from a severe imbalance stage to a moderate coordination stage, achieving leapfrog growth, but it has not yet reached high-quality coordination. Therefore, Guiyang City should further promote the sustainable development of rural tourism in Guiyang City by tapping the potential of regional advantageous tourism resources, accelerating rural public infrastructure and services, introducing talents, developing tourism products, and innovating rural tourism marketing models, thus providing strong support for regional poverty alleviation tasks. © 2022, Scibulcom Ltd.. All rights reserved. Transportation planning has historically relied on statistical models to analyze travel patterns across space and time. Recently, an urgency has developed in the United States to address outdated policies and approaches to infrastructure planning, design, and construction. Policymakers at the federal, state, and local levels are expressing greater interest in promoting and funding sustainable transportation infrastructure systems to reduce the damaging effects of pollutive emissions. Consequently, there is a growing trend of local agencies transitioning away from the traditional level-of-service measures to vehicle miles of travel (VMT) measures. However, planners are finding it difficult to leverage their investments in their regional travel demand network models and datasets in the transition. This paper evaluates the applicability of VMT forecasting and impact assessment using the current travel demand model for Dane County, Wisconsin. The main finding is that exploratory spatial data analysis of the derived data uncovered statistically significant spatial relationships and interactions that planners cannot sufficiently visualize using other methods. Planners can apply these techniques to identify places where focused VMT remediation measures for sustainable networks and environments can be most cost-effective. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. This research employed a behavioral model to confirm and elucidate the critical influence of place attachment, destination involvement, and ambivalent emotion on responsible tourism behaviors. A total of 415 questionnaires were collected from tourists visiting Penghu Island in Taiwan. Following data analysis using structural equation modeling, the results suggested that place attachment, destination involvement, and ambivalent emotion critically impact responsible tourism behaviors, and that place attachment is negatively related to ambivalent emotion. In addition, ambivalent emotion was found to mediate the relationship between place attachment and responsible tourism behaviors. Finally, implications for the promotion of sustainable tourism development were thoughtfully provided based on these findings. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Seville, Spain’s fourth largest city and the capital of Andalusia, is one of the most visited cities in the country and increasingly in Europe. Tourism has traditionally been an important sector for the urban economy, but after the 2008 financial crash it has become the city’s main source of income. Tourist numbers have soared over the last decade and they are likely to keep growing now that the Lonely Planet has labelled Seville the best city to visit in 2018 and Airbnb has chosen Andalusia as one of the top destinations for 2019. There has also been an increase in the number of migrants from wealthy countries over the last few years. Not surprisingly, these migrants and tourists share spatial patterns: both generally concentrate on Seville’s historic district and urban centre. We argue that the rapid increase of tourism and the settlement of lifestyle migrants in this part of the city have triggered spatial processes that have resulted in social injustice. Therefore, we explore whether the growth of visitor numbers has reached the extent of overtourism, because the tourist infrastructure and its activities may clash with those of local residents. We also study whether the socio-economic profile of many of these residents has changed due to migration, which could potentially mean the beginning of a transnational gentrification process. Seville’s city centre is becoming a privileged place, where the average Sevillian cannot afford to live and increasingly feels out of place. Our argument is supported by a combination of quantitative data analysis (demographic, housing and tourism statistics) and qualitative research (interviews) analyses. Our case illustrates how tourism helps to reshape historic urban districts and becomes socially unsustainable, as it gradually excludes local communities. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. In recent years, the concept of the Internet of Everything has gradually entered all walks of life, and the combination of big data technology and the Internet of Everything applied to other industries has become the current trend of industrial innovation. The integration between the tourism industry and the cultural industry is an inevitable trend for the sustainable development of the tourism industry. New science and technology are constantly innovating the way of life of human beings. If the tourism industry wants to maintain a state of rapid development, it must focus on the innovative development and digital construction of cultural tourism, develop new cultural tourism products, and propose new marketing innovation models. This promotes faster and better development of the tourism industry. Based on this, this paper designs a questionnaire and uses statistical methods to analyze the data obtained by the questionnaire, summarizes the current problems in the innovation and digital construction of the cultural tourism industry, and proposes solutions in a targeted manner, in order to improve the cultural tourism industry. Healthy development provides incremental contributions.  © 2022 Bo Liu. We investigate success and sustainability factors for tourism offers based on intangible cultural heritage, such as traditional nature-related knowledge and practices, and propose an assessment framework for communities. Using examples from rural Austria, where such practices serve as tourism attractions in many communities, we demonstrate how ‘packaging’ knowledge and practices into tourism offers can contribute to sustainable tourism development with shared benefits in rural areas away from well-known tourism centres and attractions. Such activities also contribute to safeguarding and revitalisation of intangible cultural heritage and cultural landscapes in a sustainable manner, balancing entertainment, and educational/cultural values. Using a social constructionist frame and ethnographic case study approach, data from interviews with 19 stakeholders from four regions, selected through purposive sampling, were analysed and their experiences and perceptions were complemented by participant observations. Results of the thematic data analysis were categorised into different groups of sustainability and success factors building the assessment framework for tourism potential. We discuss factors such as mechanisms of stakeholder engagement and benefit sharing, and characteristics of good cultural interpretation and tourism experience by analysing good practices and flaws of the four case studies and provide recommendations for using the assessment framework in practice. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. The purposes of the study were to indicate the comparative effectiveness of Community-Based Tourism (CBT) management between Ban Khok Muang and Banteay Chhmar and the development guidelines for a trans-boundary CBT network between the two communities. Qualitative research methodology, including related documents, regional surveys, interviews, and a focus group tested for content validity, was applied and 30 stakeholders were chosen by purposive sampling and content analysis was used for data analysis. The findings indicated that there were four identical resources found in the communities, natural resources, community organization and participation, management, and learning among villagers and visitors. Similar historical backgrounds, environmental contexts, CBT management, nearby locations, and self-management found in the communities could be applied to create effective CBT communities, and there was a readiness for the extension of CBT destinations to nearby communities. In regard to development guidelines, there should be an increase in new tourism products and satisfactory services, skills of villagers, and tourism facilities and infrastructures. Public relations, including allocation support from government and private organizations, should be also determined for sustainable trans-boundary tourism. © 2022. All Rights Reserved. The rapid economic development and the improvement of people's living standards have prompted the rapid development of tourism. And in the era of big data, it is inevitable for economic and technological development to apply IoT technology to various industries. The application of Internet of Things technology in the tourism industry conforms to the development of the times, promotes the upgrading of the industry, and also promotes the emergence and development of smart tourism. At present, the development of smart tourism provides convenient and timely services for people's travel and also improves the management level and reception capacity of tourist destinations. Therefore, this paper conducts an in-depth discussion on the urban smart tourism based on the Internet of Things technology and summarizes the development status of urban tourism. And based on the current development situation to predict the future development trend of urban smart tourism and the future development plan of smart tourism, this paper discusses the current problems of smart tourism in order to promote the healthy and sustainable development of urban smart tourism. The research in this paper has great reference significance and practical guiding significance for the healthy and stable development of smart tourism in the future.  © 2022 Yi Zhang and Qi Li. Based on the perspective of digital finance and technological innovation, this paper analyzes its application in economic development, green economy, and sustainable development. With the continuous development of technological economy, methods such as artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, big data, and cloud computing become increasingly mature. Economic development is inseparable from the empowerment of technology. In this paper, firstly, we introduce the basic concepts and main forms of digital finance and technological economy and list the cutting-edge technologies including blockchain, VR, sharing economy, and other modes. Then, we analyze the application trend of technology economy. Finally, we analyze the examples of digital finance and technological innovation in detail, including tourism economy, digital marketing, sharing economy, smart city, digital healthcare, and personalized education, three hot topics of technology intersection and integration. In the end, we put forward prospects for the development of a digital economy, digital finance, and technological innovation.  © 2022 Ya Zhou. Aircraft manufacturers and airlines invest large amounts of money into making air travel more sustainable to reduce the effects of global warming. Extending the in-service life of aeroengines through route optimisation is one method to contribute to the sustainability of aviation. Atmospheric dust ingestion leads to premature failure of engine components, increased fuel burn due to loss of efficiency, and shortened maintenance intervals. A methodology that takes a fleet-based approach to quantify the dust exposure experienced by aircraft, primarily operated within the Persian Gulf, has been developed to investigate opportunities for mitigating engine damage by atmospheric dust. The variations in dust loading experienced by a Middle Eastern Low-Cost Carrier’s (LCC) fleet were analysed by combining the Copernicus Atmospheric Monitoring Services (CAMS) dust reanalysis dataset with the OpenSky Network’s open-source trajectory data pool. It is found that runway orientation and patterns of traffic arrival have a direct bearing on the amount of dust encountered by aircraft engines. © 2022 by the authors. With the growing popularity of the internet, customers can easily share their experiences and information in online reviews. Consumers recognize online reviews as a useful source of information prior to consumption, and many online reviews influence consumer purchasing decisions. Understanding the customer experience in online reviews is thus necessary to maintain customer satisfaction and repurchase intention for the sustainable development of the hotel business. This study assessed the fundamental selection attributes of customers from online reviews reflecting the hotel customer experience, and investigated their association with customer satisfaction. A total of 8229 reviews were collected from Google travel websites from December 2019 to July 2021. Text mining and semantic network analysis were adopted for big data analysis. Factor and regression analyses were then used for quantitative analysis. Based on linear regression analysis, the Service and Dining factors significantly affected customer satisfaction. Service is a critical selection attribute for customers, and the provision of more particular services is necessary, especially after COVID-19. These results indicate that understanding online reviews can provide theoretical and practical implications for developing sustainable strategies for the hotel industry. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Management of tourist destinations following regional characteristics and community conditions is important to improve the sustainability of a tourist area. This study aims to improve the sustainability of tourism using community-based tourism destinations. This research uses a descriptive method. The research involved Tanjung Kelayang tourism managers of the government, the private sector, and the community. The data in the study are based on stakeholder views. Data was obtained using interviews and documentation. Data analysis used Exponential Comparison Method (ECM). The results show that local community-based tourism destination governance can improve its sustainability. Tanjung Kelayang tourism management pattern is a local community-based management pattern. Therefore, local communities can participate in the management of tourist areas so that environmental sustainability is maintained. The study results are expected to provide urgency for community based-governance in the management of relevant tourist destinations to improve the sustainability of Indonesian tourist areas. © 2022. Procedia Environmental Science, Engineering and Management. All Rights Reserved. MMbNP, with an area of approximately 5,725 hectares through several regulations, is designated as a conservation area and limits human activities to preserve agroecosystems and support natural and cultural tourism activities. MMbNP has the potential to provide food and a source of income for people living around the area, but the intersections that occur cause social, economic, and ecological conflicts of interest. This study aims to determine the relationship between ecological competence, forest area management, and sustainable agroecosystem performance. With a total of 60 respondents, this study used purposive location selection methods and snowballed random sampling to determine the sample size. The data analysis examination uses a partial least square and a descriptive-analytical method. The results of the study state that ecological competence is significant for forest area management. Forest area management has a significant effect on sustainable agroecosystem performance. Environmental competence significantly affects the performance of sustainable agroecosystems through forest area management. The conclusion is that implementing systematic and comprehensive management stimulates the community's active participation in silviculture and biodiversity and increases environmental competence. The performance of sustainable agroecosystems strengthens the role of government, the local economy, health and nutrition, community and culture, and also promotes environmental conservation. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. With the rising pollution levels due to the transport sector, managing the mobility of people has become one of the toughest environmental and social challenges. This makes sustainability the defining factor for the future of mobility. This paper aims to identify the problems faced by the people in using sustainable modes for daily travel. Digital assistance with special COVID-19 adaptions has been proposed to nudge people towards sustainable mobility by using seven persuasive strategies identified based on the insights from data analysis carried out on the survey undertaken by 90 participants. The results of the study have proved that the new strategies implemented, have a greater impact on changing people's attitudes towards sustainable mobility. © 2021 ACM. Introduction: Pro-environmental attitudes have been associated with proenvironmental behaviors, these behaviors are necessary to promote the care of natural capital and contribute to sustainable tourism. Objective: diagnose the environmental attitudes of residents in Santander, Colombia; in order to generate knowledge, which allows the design of strategies from the tourism sector, the above considering residents as a fundamental interested party for the sector; due to the impact of their behaviors on the natural capital that is necessary to be able to develop tourist activities. Materials and Methods: to collect information on environmental attitudes, the New Ecological Paradigm questionnaire, Spanish version, modified by Dr. Emilio Moyano with prior authorization, was used. Results: the results found show a conciliatory vision between development and care for the environment. Conclusions: finally, the X2 test was used for data analysis, the results showed that in the sample studied there is no relationship between being male or female and environmental attitudes. © 2022 Corporacion Universitaria Lasallista. All rights reserved. The development of science and technology has entered the era of big data today. The method of big data has provided a new way of thinking and methods for analysing and solving problems in scientific projects. Many countries benefit from cultural tourism for economic development, but they are concerned about the sustainability of these cultural resources. The paper explores the opportunity of big data in cultural tourism and sustainable development as a tool that can help to understand the needs of tourists and their relationship to brand personality. Based on Rauschnabel et al.'s six university brand personality dimensions, this research aims to develop a model that could explain the brand personality that can support sustainable tourism by using questionnaires and statistical analysis. Data was collected through an online questionnaire survey with a convenience sample of 300 tourists in China. Results show that brand personality improves tourist satisfaction and tourism commitment. Meanwhile, tourist satisfaction is related to tourism commitment in terms of tourism affective commitment and tourism normative commitment. However, the constructs 'acceptable', 'productive', 'athletic' in Rauschnabel et al.'s university brand personality model are not suitable to describe tourism brand personality. Copyright © 2022 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd. This project is funded by the US National Science Foundation (NSF) through their NSF RAPID program under the title “Modeling Corona Spread Using Big Data Analytics.” The project is a joint effort between the Department of Computer & Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at FAU and a research group from LexisNexis Risk Solutions. The novel coronavirus Covid-19 originated in China in early December 2019 and has rapidly spread to many countries around the globe, with the number of confirmed cases increasing every day. Covid-19 is officially a pandemic. It is a novel infection with serious clinical manifestations, including death, and it has reached at least 124 countries and territories. Although the ultimate course and impact of Covid-19 are uncertain, it is not merely possible but likely that the disease will produce enough severe illness to overwhelm the worldwide health care infrastructure. Emerging viral pandemics can place extraordinary and sustained demands on public health and health systems and on providers of essential community services. Modeling the Covid-19 pandemic spread is challenging. But there are data that can be used to project resource demands. Estimates of the reproductive number (R) of SARS-CoV-2 show that at the beginning of the epidemic, each infected person spreads the virus to at least two others, on average (Emanuel et al. in N Engl J Med. 2020, Livingston and Bucher in JAMA 323(14):1335, 2020). A conservatively low estimate is that 5 % of the population could become infected within 3 months. Preliminary data from China and Italy regarding the distribution of case severity and fatality vary widely (Wu and McGoogan in JAMA 323(13):1239–42, 2020). A recent large-scale analysis from China suggests that 80 % of those infected either are asymptomatic or have mild symptoms; a finding that implies that demand for advanced medical services might apply to only 20 % of the total infected. Of patients infected with Covid-19, about 15 % have severe illness and 5 % have critical illness (Emanuel et al. in N Engl J Med. 2020). Overall, mortality ranges from 0.25 % to as high as 3.0 % (Emanuel et al. in N Engl J Med. 2020, Wilson et al. in Emerg Infect Dis 26(6):1339, 2020). Case fatality rates are much higher for vulnerable populations, such as persons over the age of 80 years (> 14 %) and those with coexisting conditions (10 % for those with cardiovascular disease and 7 % for those with diabetes) (Emanuel et al. in N Engl J Med. 2020). Overall, Covid-19 is substantially deadlier than seasonal influenza, which has a mortality of roughly 0.1 %. Public health efforts depend heavily on predicting how diseases such as those caused by Covid-19 spread across the globe. During the early days of a new outbreak, when reliable data are still scarce, researchers turn to mathematical models that can predict where people who could be infected are going and how likely they are to bring the disease with them. These computational methods use known statistical equations that calculate the probability of individuals transmitting the illness. Modern computational power allows these models to quickly incorporate multiple inputs, such as a given disease’s ability to pass from person to person and the movement patterns of potentially infected people traveling by air and land. This process sometimes involves making assumptions about unknown factors, such as an individual’s exact travel pattern. By plugging in different possible versions of each input, however, researchers can update the models as new information becomes available and compare their results to observed patterns for the illness. In this paper we describe the development a model of Corona spread by using innovative big data analytics techniques and tools. We leveraged our experience from research in modeling Ebola spread (Shaw et al. Modeling Ebola Spread and Using HPCC/KEL System. In: Big Data Technologies and Applications 2016 (pp. 347-385). Springer, Cham) to successfully model Corona spread, we will obtain new results, and help in reducing the number of Corona patients. We closely collaborated with LexisNexis, which is a leading US data analytics company and a member of our NSF I/UCRC for Advanced Knowledge Enablement. The lack of a comprehensive view and informative analysis of the status of the pandemic can also cause panic and instability within society. Our work proposes the HPCC Systems Covid-19 tracker, which provides a multi-level view of the pandemic with the informative virus spreading indicators in a timely manner. The system embeds a classical epidemiological model known as SIR and spreading indicators based on causal model. The data solution of the tracker is built on top of the Big Data processing platform HPCC Systems, from ingesting and tracking of various data sources to fast delivery of the data to the public. The HPCC Systems Covid-19 tracker presents the Covid-19 data on a daily, weekly, and cumulative basis up to global-level and down to the county-level. It also provides statistical analysis for each level such as new cases per 100,000 population. The primary analysis such as Contagion Risk and Infection State is based on causal model with a seven-day sliding window. Our work has been released as a publicly available website to the world and attracted a great volume of traffic. The project is open-sourced and available on GitHub. The system was developed on the LexisNexis HPCC Systems, which is briefly described in the paper. © 2021, The Author(s). This paper conducts an in-depth study and analysis of the preservation of ancient village heritage and the restructuring and optimization of cultural industries in western Guangdong in the context of the current "Internet+."This study is problem-oriented and aims to improve the common rural environment in the less developed areas of western Guangdong from the perspective of sustainable development. This study conducts an objective investigation and understanding of villages, combining contemporary methods and techniques of quantitative analysis. This study aims to understand the regular characteristics of the evolution of the settlement space itself based on the characteristics of the interaction between the settlement space itself, especially with the local natural ecology and human society, to explore the localized decision making of the village settlement space, and to propose a specific and operable systematic approach from macro to micro, an approach that focuses on the village settlements established. This approach focuses on the optimization of the existing pattern, architecture, and surrounding vernacular landscape of rural settlements and is a critical inheritance based on the existing spatial pattern, emphasizing the coordination and unity of multiple factors related to the settlement space. Combining the background of the era of "Internet+"and the actual situation of the development of tourism in ancient villages in western Guangdong, a marketing 4Ps combination strategy suitable for the development of tourism in ancient villages in western Guangdong was formulated. The flexible and diverse forms of operation also determine the independence of the villagers in the distribution of benefits. The villagers take the family as the unit of self-employment, and the distribution of benefits is distributed by the villagers themselves within the family. The product strategy, product pricing strategy, marketing channels, and promotion strategy of "Internet+ rural tourism"are formulated. A study on the cultural renewal strategy of the Nanchang community in the context of rural revitalization strategy. Based on clarifying the idea of cultural renewal, the principles of cultural renewal are proposed based on the strategic planning of rural revitalization: the principle of overall protection and development, the principle of restoring the old as the old, and the principle of regional linkage renewal. Based on the conservation plan of the Nanchang community, the scope of its conservation and conservation framework is sorted out, and the cultural renewal strategy of the Nanchang community is elaborated in four aspects: optimization of the overall layout of the village, enhancement of public space, improvement of key buildings and living heritage of intangible cultural heritage. © 2022 Yun Lei et al. The awareness that cultural heritage plays an influential role in shared identities and in both spatial and environmental development has significantly increased in recent years. International collaboration and treaties, such as the ‘FARO-convention’ in 2005 emphasize the importance of heritage in relation to aspects of human rights and demography. Furthermore, it is becoming increasingly clear that historical perspectives are essential for making well-informed choices regarding environmental challenges (e.g. spatial planning, sustainable development, climate adaptation). This increased awareness not only emphasizes the importance of cultural heritage for present-day challenges, but equally presents a new set of conditions and standards, and requires the development of new methodologies. Besides conservation, more than ever there is a need for cultural heritage to become contextualized and sustainably accessible. The organisational pinnacle of cultural-heritage conservation is world heritage: sites that are judged to contain a set of cultural and/or natural values which are of outstanding value to humanity. However, to what extent world heritage meets these newly set criteria is unknown. Nevertheless, these sites often reflect an eminent status, scientifically as well as economically (i.e. through tourism). Consequently, world heritage often enjoys interest from multiple stakeholders including governmental, scientific, public, and commercial parties, all of whom engage in contrasting activities and have different interests and needs. As a result the need for accessibility and integrated overviews of these sites is high but equally challenging. In this paper we will focus on the world-heritage site of Schokland (NL). This former island in the Dutch Zuiderzee both reflects outstanding historical and archaeological importance. We will show that the dynamics surrounding this site require tailormade conservation methodologies, which greatly depend on data integration. We present a new Historical Geographical Information System (HGIS) specifically designed to integrate cultural and geoscientific data and facilitate dynamic heritage management. Results show that such a system greatly adds to the contextualization and (digital) accessibility of the heritage site and is essential for substantiating conservation methodologies. Furthermore, it shows great research potential for diachronological reconstructions of dynamic-lowland development. The system facilitates multidisciplinary scientific analyses, integrated monitoring, and public outreach and shows great application potential for other (world-)heritage sites. © 2021 The Authors Our study reveals the impacts of various COVID-19-related restrictions on the culinary tourism industry by exploring how street food vendors deal with this unprecedented encounter. The data were collected through semi-structured interviews of 20 street food vendors and later analyzed using qualitative data analysis, focusing on the thematic analysis of coded interview transcripts, as a basis for generalization of our findings. This study unfolds the knock-on effects of the lock-down, social distancing, and movement restrictions imposed on the street food vendors and sheds light on how the culinary tourism industry can become more resilient and sustainable in facing a future or recurring pandemic. Understanding the dynamic impacts of the pandemic will offer insights for the culinary tourism industry and the government in the development of relevant policies to alleviate those impacts and protect the culinary tourism industry in the ‘new normal’ post-pandemic era. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. The availability of big data allows a wide range of predictive analyses that could inform policies for promoting sustainable behaviors. While providing great predictive power, adopted models fall short in explaining the underlying mechanisms of behavior. However, predictive analyses can be enhanced by complementary theory-based inferential analyses, guiding tailored policy design to focus on relevant response mechanisms. This paper illustrates the complementary value of multidisciplinary inferential models in informing large predictive models. We focus on Structural Equation Modeling, an approach suitable for a holistic examination of different pathways and hypotheses from multiple disciplines. Drawing on an interdisciplinary theoretical framework we develop an empirically tractable model and apply it to a sample of household data from Switzerland. The model focuses on the relationships that delineate the underlying mechanisms for energy consumption behaviors in the case of private transportation. The results are discussed in light of possible contributions to policies aiming at the promotion of sustainable travel behavior as well as data requirements for analyses relying on big data. Copyright © 2022 Schubert, Weber, Martinez-Cruz, Burger and Farsi. This introduction presents an overview of the key concepts discussed in the subsequent chapters of this book. The book focuses on the features, breadth, and diversity of digital transformation in aviation, tourism, and hospitality in Southeast Asia. It examines how digital revolution is affecting aviation, tourism, and hospitality in Southeast Asia. The book then discusses the Association of Southeast Asian Nations region’s digital transformation influences, issues, and challenges in aviation, tourism, and hospitality. It also covers blockchain’s essential underlying technology and discusses how it might be used in the tourist industry, which encompasses the aviation and hospitality industries. The book discusses present and prospective big data analytics advances in the Southeast Asian aviation, tourist, and hospitality industries. It then examines the relationship between technology and in-flight food in air travel, tourism, and hospitality. The book also investigates whether Malaysia’s resilient model for rural tourism sustainability is either chaotic or orderly. © 2023 selection and editorial matter, Azizul Hassan and Nor Aida Abdul Rahman; individual chapters, the contributors. Several operations have been launched to make the city of Tipasa smarter and more sustainable. The “Tipasa smart city” association had already taken the initiative to erect this city into a “smart city”, this in collaboration with local authorities, some researchers and several investors from the wilaya of Tipasa. We are participating in this project, specifically by focusing on smart buildings and ecological districts that we contextualize and integrate into this future smart city. Basing on a literature review, foreign examples and collected data analysis, we have classified the actions to make Tipasa a smarter and sustainable city. This, particularly in the smart tourism and mobility domains, which we consider as the first priorities of this city. This study is developed as a part of an ongoing PRFU and a master workshop at EPAU. Following this first study, we subsequently aim to define the choices to be made for designing an eco-district and smart buildings in Tipaza that proposed to be sustainable and smart. This always in relation to the potential that it possesses. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. Cycling is a sustainable form of transportation that can reduce car usage and benefit both individuals and society. Bike-sharing systems (BSSs) help to position cycling as a daily transportation option and have been widely established in many countries. Previous studies have investigated the association between urban environmental factors and BSSs’ demand to promote the broader use of BSSs and determine whether demand is affected by various factors. However, research on the effects of the urban environment on BSS demand according to the trip purpose (e.g., commuting and leisure) is rare due to the difficulty in understanding users’ trip purposes. In this regard, recent advancements in big data technologies make massive BSSs trip data available to the public, which is useful for in-depth analyzing BSS travel patterns and inferring the trip purposes. This study thus analyzes to what extent demand is affected by urban environmental factors for different trip purposes, focusing on Seoul Bike, through the integration of clustering users’ travel patterns and analyzing geospatial data affecting demand. By observing trip data, BSS trips were clustered into short-distance travel for utilitarian purposes and longer-distance roaming for recreational purposes. The utilitarian trips were more affected by the large floating population and high land-use mix, and they were more concentrated during the rush hours in the crowded areas, while the leisure trips were more concentrated in secluded residential areas and were close to the waterfront. This study can contribute to establishing plans to increase the demand for and optimize the operation of BSSs. © 2021 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. Fireflies in Kuala Selangor, Malaysia are threatened by habitat destruction, soil degradation and light pollution. The main objective of this study was to estimate the local tourists' willingness to pay a conservation fee at Kampung Kuantan Firefly Park. The best data collection method chosen in the midst of the Covid-19 pandemic was an online questionnaire survey. The study used a purposive sampling technique, as only those who visited Kampung Kuantan Firefly Park were eligible to complete the online survey. The willingness to pay questionnaire was developed using the Open-Ended Contingent Valuation Method. A total of 385 respondents were included for data analysis. The results of Tobit regression analysis indicated that age, education, gender and attitude had significant relationship with willingness to pay. Based on the willingness to pay estimate equation, the overall mean willingness to pay for the conservation fee was 9.44 RM per visit. The research findings will assist policymakers in taking the obligatory actions to protect and conserve precious natural resources and provide information to the natural park department in order to achieve a sustainable ecotourism plan for Kampung Kuantan Firefly Park in Kuala Selangor, Malaysia. © Forest Research Institute Malaysia This research aimed to (1) determine the environmental carrying capacity of Soge Beach tourism, (2) determine the cultural carrying capacity of Soge Beach tourism, and (3) develop a sustainable strategy of Soge Beach tourism. The research design used descriptive research and mix method analysis (quantitative and qualitative). Data involved primary and secondary data. Primary data were collected from observations, in-depth interviews, and focus group discussions with tourism management, tourists, entrepreneurs in Soge Beach and the surrounding area. Secondary data came from the statistical data of the Pacitan Regency government. Data analysis employed qualitative and quantitative analysis. Data analysis also used SWOT to determine the Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats of Soge Beach's development. Research results showed high potential of environmental and cultural carrying capacity for sustainable Soge Beach development. Development strategies referred to SWOT analysis to reduce weaknesses by increasing cultural and environmental carrying capacity and improving existing opportunities.  © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. The Mandalika Special Economic Zone (SEZ) was designated as a tourist area in 2015. The development of the Mandalika area directly impacts the sustainability, diversity of species, especially birds that make mangroves their habitat. The study aims to investigate the value of bird species diversity in mangrove habitats as bioindicators. Furthermore, the research has been carried out for three months, from March to May 2021. Research data collection uses the roaming method, and data analysis uses bird community structure analysis (Diversity Index). In this study, 33 species of birds were found. Furthermore, it was found that six species of birds are protected wildlife. In addition, 16 are migratory birds, and 27 are Least Concern (LC) bird species; four species have Near Threatened (NT) status. Meanwhile, the Index of bird community structure is H' 2.7, uniformity E 0.8, and dominance C 0.9. The value of the bird community structure in the Mandalika SEZ shows the condition of mangrove habitat in the moderate damage category. Therefore, there needs to be an effort to preserve mangroves involving the community, government, and Indonesia Tourism Development Corporation (ITDC) area managers.  © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. East Java Province is known as one of Indonesia’s regions that has succeeded in increasing their regional economic growth through tourism activities. The study’s aim was to analyse East Java Province’s sustainable tourism competitiveness potential using review data from the TripAdvisor website in 2019. TripAdvisor reviews are examples of big data for qualitative research that provide information about particular tourism competitiveness, like demographic condition, destinations characteristics, and tourism preference. This research chooses three tourism destinations with high competitiveness in East Java, namely: Jatim Park 2, Ijen Crater, and Bromo, Tengger, and Semeru National Park (btsnp). Tourism activity in East Java has high competitiveness and sustainability. This research found that the sustainable tourism activity with high competitiveness can not only be applied to nature-based tourism destinations, such as Ijen Crater and btsnp but also to artificial tourism like Jatim Park 2. Suppose the related stakeholders can explore and manage them well. In that case, tourism activity in East Java Province can extend tourist spending, their length of stay and finally increase regional income in East Java. To accomplish this goal, we provided four recommendation to related stakeholders in the shape of strategic policies to increase competitiveness capability and economic activity in the East Java Tourism Area. These are the following four strategies: tourism business levelling, local common tourism brand-enhancing, local tourism integration, and cashless transaction promotion. © 2021 University of Primorska. All rights reserved. The present article contributes to the knowledge of the strategies used by historic housing tourism (HHT) hosts to increase the visibility of manor houses. The methodology used in data collection and analysis was grounded theory (GT). Within this scope, 53 unstructured interviews and 5 participant observations were conducted. The results presented here highlight the way in which HHT houses manage their visibility. The concepts presented here emerged from data analysis and are intended as an integrated set of hypotheses that allow the explanation of the behaviour of hosts regarding the creation and maintenance of the reputation of the respective HHT houses. We emphasised, therefore, that HHT promoters can choose to generate free house visibility or alienate the management of visibility. We have also explained that, to increase the house’s reputation, the HHT promoter can focus the house’s visibility by advertising it only in niche media and niche reservations centres, thereby captivating guests who are receptive to the modality. However, if the HHT promoter wants to increase the economic sustainability of the house, thus generating bookings from guests who are not receptive to the modality, it is recommended to amplify the visibility of the house by advertising it in mass media and mass reservation centres. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. Rural tourism across the country is in the ascendant. Rural tourism featuring hot springs has been loved by leisure tourists in recent years, and the hot spring tourism industry has developed rapidly. How to support the sustained growth and development of the local hot spring tourism industry without increasing the amount of geothermal water intake, and to slow down the impact of geothermal exploitation and utilization on the local environment is a problem that needs to be solved. In this study, combined with the existing hot spring utilization process, the relationship between the hot spring water intake and the scale of tourism was calculated and analyzed, combined with the existing data analysis, and the local hot spring water intake limit was set. Established a mutual restriction between the amount of hot spring water withdrawal and the scale of the local tourism industry. Combining the investigation of various energy supply and demand, through the analysis and optimization of energy flow, the optimization design of the energy flow-geothermal water flow network coupling system for the recycling of geothermal water resources is proposed, and the recycling mode of geothermal water resources is proposed. Combined with the case, based on the geothermal water resource recycling model, through the optimization design of the energy system that drives the recycling of water resources, it is proposed to increase the installation of photovoltaic power generation systems to meet the additional energy demand of geothermal water recycling, while constructing self-sustaining water -The thermal-electric coupling system realizes clean and low-carbon development. This study uses energy-water coupling analysis to promote the recycling of non-renewable geothermal water resources with renewable energy input, promote the green and sustainable development of local industries, avoid resource depletion due to unnecessary use of resources, and achieve low-carbon sustainable development in rural areas. © 2022 IEEE. This research analyses the current self-reported level of proficiency of environmental skills, the required future level of proficiency, and the gaps between them. Given the increasingly urgent need for the tourism industry to take action to support environmental management practices, this research provides evidence of key environmental skill gaps. Mixed methods research is applied where the sample includes 1404 respondents to a questionnaire and 264 interviewees from senior management of organisations from five tourism sectors (accommodation establishments, food and beverage outlets, destination management organisations, tour operators and travel agents, visitor attractions) in eight European countries. Analysis of variance, t-tests, correlation and cluster analyses, and Pearson Chi-square tests were employed for data analysis. The findings revealed that the country of registration, the size and the tourism sector type influence significantly the current and future proficiency levels of environmental skills, and the gaps between them. Most respondents did not receive environmental skills training. Theoretical, managerial and policy implications are also discussed. © 2022 The Author(s). Today, local administrations are faced with the presence of greater constraints in terms of the use of space and time. At the same time, large amount of data is available to fleet managers that can be used for controlling their fleets. This work is set in the context defined by sustainable city logistics, and information and communication technologies (ICTs), to formalize the three themes of the smart city (transport, ICTs and energy savings) in a single problem. Following this, the main purpose of the study is to propose a unified formulation of the basic problem of fleets, i.e., the traveling salesman problem (TSP), which explicitly includes the use of emerging information and communication technologies (e-ICTs) pointing out the learning process of path costs in urban delivery. This research explores the opportunity to extend the path cost formation with a within-day and day-to-day learning process, including the specification of the attributes provided by e-ICTs. As shown through a real test case, the research answers to queries coming from operators and collectivities to improve city liveability and sustainability. It includes both economic sustainability for companies/enterprises and environmental sustainability for local administrations (and collectivities). Besides contributing to reduce the times and kms travelled by commercial vehicles, as well as the interference of freight vehicles with other traffic components, it also contributes to road accident reduction (social sustainability). Therefore, after the re-exanimation of TSP, this paper presents the proposed unitary formulation and its benefits through the discussion of results obtained in a real case study. Finally, the possible innovation guided by e-ICT is pointed out. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. The determination of the profile of the tourist who visits the destinations arises as a proposal for the improvement of the competitiveness of the territories; data collected is to know the characteristics of the tourists who arrive at the destination, the type of accommodation used, the way of traveling and the main motivation for the trip, the most visited tourist attractions, the tourist expenditure, and the overall rating of the destination. The main aim of this study is to apply a non-traditional methodology composed of data mining methods such as: DEA (Data Envelopment Analysis) and PCA (Principal Component Analysis) to investigate past statistics. Based on these results, the sustainable operation strategies are made to prepare the destination and diversify the offer, to it can be used by the most important managers in the tourism industry to reactivate the economy after the COVID-19 pandemic. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. Pelalawan District has several natural attractiveness and indigenous knowledge potentially to be developed as ecotourism. The community-based ecotourism management (CBEM) by utilize indigenous knowledge as a part of tourist attractions is one of ways to improve environmental ethics and achieve sustainable development goals (SDGs). This paper was prepared to examine the potential of indigenous CBEM in Pelalawan District. Secondary data was used compiled from relevant literatures of previous research or provided by authorized agency. The data analysis method carryout by comparative descriptive interpretative qualitative analysis. It identified the gaps between the existing condition of CBEM versus standards. A conceptual framework and CBEM strategy were arranged to eliminate current management gaps. The analysis result shows that current indigenous CBEM yet optimal. It shows by the lack of management dimension aspect, includes: tenurial license, local ecotourism norm, land use planning, marketing, supporting regulation, environmental education, management capacity, infrastructures development, and business incentives. The strategies to eliminates CBEM gaps, as follows: (1) Integrated planning; (2) Feasibility analysis of village own enterprise (BMUDes); (3) Capacity development of staffs and community; (4) Enhances marketing system; (5) Accountability of management; (6) Integrated environmental education curriculum; (7) Continuous improvement; and (8) Supporting regulation. The research result was recommended as one of references for policy makers to develop indigenous CBEM planning for strengthen environmental ethics and SDGs achievement as integrated manner. Authors recommend to future researchers would be expanded the scopes of the literatures and collect primary data for its accuracy improvements.  © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. Design and develop a ledger system based on the front-end and back-end separation architecture. The system adopts the design concept of mobile first, and deeply customizes the functions and user interface for smart phones. Based on this, this paper briefly introduces the definition of rural ecotourism, analyzes the current situation of rural ecotourism marketing in my country, and proposes the precision of rural ecotourism in the big data environment. Marketing strategy to help the development of rural ecotourism in my country. The regional differences and dispersion of WeChat marketing performance are large, and the online customer relationship is dominated by positive emotions. It aims to create social and economic value from rural social big data, implement big data-driven precision marketing innovation strategies, enhance the competitiveness of rural digital economy, and promote rural smart growth and regional coordination and sustainable development. © 2022 IEEE. The proceedings contain 72 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Advanced Research in Technologies, Information, Innovation and Sustainability. The topics include: A Control Problem with Passive Particles Driven by Point Vortices on the Sphere; the Dangers of Gamification; mobile Applications in Tourism: A Tale of Two Perspectives; accessibility Study in Hotels in the City of Quito; a Comprehensive Study on Remote Laboratories Based on Pneumatic and Electro-Pneumatic Systems; Augmented Reality in Clothing Consumer Customization in COVID-19 Pandemic: A Preliminary Study; identification of Mango Fruit Maturity Using Robust Industrial Devices and Open-Source Devices Applying Artificial Vision; FHSS Classification System in the Spectrum Using SDR Generators for Signal Inhibitors; Front-End Framework to Improve HCI, Evaluated Using an Eye-Tracking; GraphQL or REST for Mobile Applications?; advanced Exploratory Data Analysis for Moroccan Shopping Places in TripAdvisor; content Richness, Perceived Price, and Perceived Ease of Use in Relation to the Satisfaction Level and Brand Equity in Streaming Platforms; augmented Virtual Reality in Data Visualization; big Data Analytics to Measure the Performance of Higher Education Students with Online Classes; COVID-19 Fake News Detection Using Joint Doc2Vec and Text Features with PCA; eye Tracking and Visual Attention in a Retail Context: Can Point-of-Sale Stickers Guide Customers?; error Classification Using Automatic Measures Based on n-grams and Edit Distance; understanding and Predicting Process Performance Variations of a Balanced Manufacturing Line at Bosch; a Comparative Analysis on the Summarization of Legal Texts Using Transformer Models; determination of the Factors Influencing Proper Face Recognition in Faces Protected by Face Masks, an Analysis of Their Algorithms and the Factors Affecting Recognition Success; Evaluation Metrics in Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI). This paper aims to investigate sustainable tourism supply chains by examining the roles of environmental management, social support, and financial performance of tourist destination agencies. By placing the mediating role of innovativeness, this study developed a theoretical framework to explore the antecedents of tourism supply chain management. This research was conducted in a national park in Central Sulawesi, Indonesia, with 176 samples from tourism business actors. By using purposive sampling method, data analysis was performed using Partial Least Square-Structural Equation Modeling (PLS-SEM). The results of the analysis show a positive and significant influence of environmental management, social support, and financial performance on managerial innovation. These variables in the next analysis are estimated as antecedents of sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) in tourism, indicating positive and significant effects resulting from the analysis. In particular, the analysis also raises the important role of managerial innovation in improving the performance of sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) in tourism. Empirically, these findings underscore that the greater capabilities of the tourism organization in consolidating organizational resources, organizational performance and social support is more likely to increase the sustainability of SCM. © 2022 Growing Science Ltd. All rights reserved. The present study aims at investigating the tourism growth nexus by launching a new approach when conceptualizing tourism expansion. We add to the relevant discussion in two specific ways. First, we claim that tourism is a heterogeneous economic activity and launch the concept of market segments when searching for cointegrating and causality relationships at the interface of tourism and economy, an issue that goes unnoticed and an approach that is not tested so far. We define them in two different ways: business tourism spending and leisure tourism spending. In the analysis, we also take into consideration capital investment spending as well as internal consumption within the tourism industry. Second, we apply second-generation panel data analysis within the Eurozone economic space, which is insufficiently investigated within the concept of tourism growth nexus discussion. Research findings indicate that a unidirectional causality relationship running from business tourism spending to economic growth is present. Hence, if business tourism spending increases (decreases) then economic growth will increase (decrease) too. Additionally, changes to leisure tourism spending will cause changes to economic growth in the same direction and vice versa. Internal travel and tourism consumption as well as capital investment spending within the travel and tourism sector form a feedback hypothesis with economic growth meaning that they are mutually influenced when changes occur. Practical implications indicate that a friendly and attractive tourism ecosystem in terms of investments and innovations will enhance sustainable economic growth and tourism demand in the long run. © 2022. Cognizant, LLC. Batu East Java, Indonesia, as a tourist city, is categorized as a disaster-prone area; hence city resilience should be improved. Increasing resilience has a function in protecting the city from the rising number of disaster risks. This study aims to analyze the regional capacity based on the Regional Disaster Management Agency (Badan Penanggulangan Bencana Daerah – BPBD) capacity assessment criteria using the resilient stage based on Making Cities Resilient 2030 (MCR2030) and to determine the relationship between the BPBD capacity assessment criteria and the MCR2030 assessment. This study used a mixed methodology with a sequential explanatory design. The data collection technique involved 55 respondents using a purposive technique. The data analysis is based on the capacity assessment results in Batu City, which reached “moderate” criteria since the disaster risk index tends to decrease while the threat level rises. According to MCR2030, Batu City achieved 79.04% and was classified in stage C (progression implementation) because BPBD well defined the knowledge and planning stages for Batu City. This research indicated a significant gap between BPBD and other organizations, indicating that the “moderate” capacity and stage C categories only apply to BPBD. Other organizations, particularly in the economic and tourism sectors, are aware of the risks at stage B (planning) but have not yet developed a comprehensive plan or strategy to manage them. In contrast to the MCR2030 assessment, practically all respondents outside the BPBD stated that they had not participated in any regulations or public consultations in the past year and were unaware of such activities. The critical success of MCR2030 is the creation of resilience between stakeholders and local organizations; therefore, the suitability between the MCR2030 assessment and the capacity of BPBD can be used as a reference and adapted by other organizations, particularly the tourism industry in Batu City. © 2022, Kauno Technologijos Universitetas. All rights reserved. Public transportation users increase as the population grows. In Taipei, Taiwan, this tendency is observed by analyzing historical data from the Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) and economy-shared bicycle (known as YouBike) riders. While this trend exists, the Taipei City government promotes green transportation by providing discounts to users who transfer from MRT or bus to YouBike within a particular period. Therefore, this study focuses on analyzing the patterns of users in order to identify possible clusters. Clusters of customers can be considered fundamental and competitive factors for the Ministry of Transportation to encourage the use of green transportation and promote a sustainable environment. Based on big data smart card information, this paper proposes using the RFM and K-means clustering algorithm to analyze and construct mode-switching traveller profiles on MRT and YouBike riders. As a result, three distinct clusters of MRT-YouBike riders have been identified: potential, vulnerable, and loyal. There are also suggestions regarding the most profitable groups, which customers to focus on, and to whom give special offers or promotions to foster loyalty among transit travellers.  © 2022 Angela H. L. Chen et al. Recent advancements have been made in our understanding of transformative tourism, but the gap between conceptualisations and experiences has yet to be bridged. Using existing theories defining tourist transformation, this study empirically examines male and female travellers’ subjective experiences and identifies types of transformation. A survey of 514 participants was conducted, and the data analysed through an exploratory factor analysis. The results suggest that tourist transformation corresponds to reflection, changing worldviews, existential transformation processes and outcomes, transformative learning outcomes, environmental sustainability awareness, cross-cultural understanding, wellbeing, and behavioural change. Significant differences between women and men’s experiences were only found in two factors, namely reflection and transformative learning outcomes. These results contribute to the theoretical and practical understanding of tourist transformation and indicate that there might be more to ‘the’ transformative travel experience. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Purpose: In the last decade, the hospitality sector has undergone numerous changes in the organization and structure of its business models. Specifically, the adoption of new digital technologies has initiated transformative changes toward circular economy and sustainability. The present study aims to analyze whether the use of the digital reservation system in circular entrepreneurship businesses has an impact on entrepreneurs’ satisfaction and trust in the in circular economy. Design/methodology/approach: The data collected via a survey of 317 entrepreneurs who use a circular economy strategy were analyzed using SEM in a proposed model based on circular entrepreneurship businesses and the adoption of digital reservation systems. Findings: The results showed a positive relationship between usability and perceived ease of use and user satisfaction and trust in using digital reservation systems to boost circular entrepreneurship in hospitality. Therefore, it was identified that adopting a digital reservation system can increase the efficiency of entrepreneur resources, as well as lead to creation of sustainable knowledge, augment the use of new sources of user information, improve prediction of services and demand and, consequently, boost sustainability and circular economy. Research limitations/implications: Future research can use the results of the present study to investigate how digital technologies work and affect user trust, satisfaction, and use of these systems in entrepreneurs’ projects in hospitality. In addition, it would be interesting to explore how these factors influence hospitality in different business models that support circular economy in tourism. To this end, researchers can use the variables used in the present study, along with other variables, to extend the proposed model and deepen the authors' research. In summary, this study contributes to the literature on the use of applications in hospitality sector and offer useful insight on how the adoption and use of new technologies can drive the management of knowledge and technology development, decision making and acquisition of new data sources that improve the experience of both entrepreneurs and users that interact with their services to enable circular entrepreneurship. Practical implications: Hospitality entrepreneurs can use the results of the present study to better evaluate how using these applications can affect the communication protocols with their employees and stakeholders. Furthermore, entrepreneurs operating in the hospitality sector can use the results to develop action plans focused on the circular economy, new knowledge creation, as well as development and adoption of new digital technologies that enable circular entrepreneurship. In this way, hospitality companies will be able to effectively combine both more traditional offline channels and new technologies, such as mobile applications or the Internet. Social implications: The authors' prediction of a strong positive link between perceived usefulness and user trust was also supported by the results of data analysis. The finding that perceived utility increases user trust in entrepreneurs when making adopting these technologies is also consistent with other similar studies. Finally, the results of this study also confirmed the hypothesized link between the perceived utility of digital technologies and user satisfaction. Taken together, the results also highlight the relevance of analyzing the use of digital reservation systems in the hospitality sector to enable circular entrepreneurship. Originality/value: Taken together, the results highlight the relevance of analyzing the use of digital reservation systems in the hospitality sector to enable circular entrepreneurship and increase the perceived usefulness of new digital technologies so that to improve sustainable actions and the circular economy globally. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited. The ecological environment is the basic condition for human survival and development. Maintaining a good rural ecological environment is the basis for ensuring the sustainable development of agriculture and the rural economy, and it is the fundamental guarantee for helping poor rural areas to get rid of poverty and become rich. To solve poverty by developing tourism, the so-called tourism poverty alleviation has been studied for many years in the theoretical circles at home and abroad. Therefore, this article conducts research on China's rural ecological environment management and poverty management based on big data deep learning, aiming to analyze the problems in China's rural ecoenvironmental management and the challenges facing rural poverty governance and explore a way to achieve sustainable rural economic development and farmers' poverty alleviation the best way. In the context of big data, environmental monitoring and governance have also ushered in innovative reforms. With the advantages of powerful information collection and data processing, big data provides comprehensive data and information support for environmental monitoring and governance. This article uses a survey method, data statistics method, literature analysis method, and case analysis method. Firstly, it briefly summarizes the main ecological and environmental problems and poverty management issues facing the rural areas of China. It then lists 5 successful poverty alleviation cases to investigate their poverty alleviation. The experience and methods of getting rich sum up the strategies that China can refer to for poverty alleviation. Finally, through the collection and compilation of online data, we have discovered the results achieved by China's poverty alleviation work in recent years, i.e., by the end of 2019, our rural poverty population has been reduced to 5.1 million. Compared with 2013, there has been a reduction of approximately 90 million (Fang, 2019), however, at the same time, China's poverty alleviation work has entered a stage of overcoming difficulties. The remaining poor people make it a long way to go. In short, improving the ecological environment to help rural poverty alleviation is a long-term people's livelihood project, and it is also a research topic of great social significance. For this reason, the research in this article has a certain reference value. © 2022 Ziran Mo. Tourism is one of the world’s largest industries fundamentally arising from mobility as a form of capital. In destination islands that have a delicate ecosystem to maintain, this source of income can become problematic in terms of sustainability. A difficulty in making people aware of this issue is also represented by the fact that such sustainability-related issues (and their causes) are often not “visible” to citizens. To foster awareness about the relationship between sustainability and tourism in well-known destinations, we design a platform that engages users at two levels of participation: i. at the IoT and sensors level, in order to let them becoming providers of big data, deploying and enlarging the pervasive infrastructure; ii. at the (big) data visualization level, with the aim of engaging them in making sense of large volumes of data related to sustainability. This paper presents the design and implementation of a real-world experience where a low-cost collaborative platform made it possible to sense and visualize tourist flows and urban data into a rich interactive map-based visualization, open to the local communities. We deployed our case study in the Madeira archipelago, engaging locals and visitors of the island in two exploratory studies focused on measuring the impact of providing users with meaningful representations of tourism flows and related unperceivable aspects that affect the environmental sustainability. Analysing the findings of the two studies, we discuss the potentiality of using such a system to make sense of big data, fostering awareness about sustainability issues, and we point to future open challenges about citizens’ participation in sensing and making sense of big data. © 2021, The Author(s). Komodo National Park is one of the favorite destinations for both domestic and international marine tourism. Marine tourism activities have caused environmental changes and impact on fisheries and marine resources. Macroalgae were also affected by the environmental changes, so management of macroalgae was required. Ecological data of macroalgae can be used as baseline data for coastal area management. The study aimed to determine the life form, species composition, spatial distribution, and ecological aspects of macroalgae assemblages in Komodo National Park waters. The study was conducted in September 2013, in eight locations, namely Setuga, Komodo Karang Makasar, Padar Kecil, Padar, Papagarang, Mangaitan, and Muntia island. Macroalgae samples were collected by the quadratic transect method. The data analyzed were Sorensen's similarities. A total of 42 species of macroalgae were recorded, consisting of three Phylum: Chlorophyta (19 species), Ochrophyta (8 species), and Rhodophyta (15 species). Epilithic was the dominant life form of macroalgae. In general, macroalgae can be stably attached to hard substrates. The highest macroalgae diversity was found on Mangaitan Island (22 species). Halimeda and Amphiroa were macroalgae that can be found in almost all locations. Setuga Island had similar macroalgae with both Mangaitan and Muntia islands. The differences in the number of macroalgae species were influenced by environmental pressure, topography, and substrate profile. Management of macroalgae resources was needed to maintain the sustainability of the macroalgae ecosystem.  © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. Religious tourism, as one of the most significant types of tourism, is among the most seriously affected economic sectors worldwide as a result of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. This study sought to identify and prioritise the strategies for sustaining post-COVID-19 religious tourism. The study was an applied survey that drew on a mixed research design. The results of the qualitative data analysis obtained through a systematic literature review revealed that the recovery strategies to boost businesses in the field of religious tourism in the post-COVID-19 future could be divided into four main strategies (dimensions) and 24 sub-strategies (criteria). Furthermore, the quantitative analysis, conducted through the R-SWARA technique, showed that ‘making it mandatory to maintain a distance from sacred monuments (e.g., tombs) and prohibiting touching or having any physical contact with such monuments’, ‘Understanding religious tourists’ health-related expectations’, ‘making it mandatory to use masks and other health-related equipment in sacred/ religious locations’, and ‘reducing the capacity for welcoming tourists in sacred and tourism sites while holding religious ceremonies with a small number of attendants’ were the most significant strategies that could boost religious tourism post-COVID-19. These factors were prioritised by experts and activists in the industry who shared their opinions in this study. © International Journal of Religious Tourism and Pilgrimage Understanding the antecedents and consequences of happiness at destinations is critical for building livable and sustainable communities for residents and tourists. Big data and social signals provide new opportunities to unpack the driving forces of happiness. For this study, geotagged social media data, physical environment data, and economic data are utilized to shed light on how neighborhood factors shape happiness. An interdisciplinary approach is adopted to integrate natural language processing, spatial analysis, network science, and statistical modeling. The results indicate that (1) crimes are negatively associated with neighborhood happiness; (2) visitors’ check-in activity mediates the relationship between places of interest and neighborhood happiness; (3) happy neighborhoods with similar happiness levels share higher numbers of common happy visitors, which implies that happy neighborhoods share attributes that attract happy visitors. This research contributes to theories regarding how neighborhood attributes may shape happiness, and demonstrates how big data can be used to characterize human–environment relationships for happiness-related research. Planners and tourism stakeholders can improve neighborhood happiness by engaging with residents and tourists to evaluate the current physical conditions of neighborhoods and develop context-sensitive plans and projects. Copyright © 2022 Cognizant, LLC. The purpose of this research is to highlight the importance of periodically analyzing the data obtained from the technological sources used by customers, such as user comments on social networks and videos, using qualitative data analysis software. This research analyzes user sentiments, words, and opinions about virtual reality (VR) videos on YouTube in order to explore user reactions to such videos, as well as to establish whether this technology contributes to the sustainability of natural environments. User-generated data can provide important information for decision making about future policies of companies that produce video content. The results of our analysis of 12 videos revealed that users predominantly perceived these videos positively. This conclusion was supported by the findings of an opinion and text analysis, which identified positive reviews for videos and channels with many followers and large numbers of visits. The features such as the quality of the video and the accessibility of technology were appreciated by the viewers, whereas videos that are 100% VR and require special glasses to view them do not have as many visits. However, VR was seen to be a product which viewers were interested in and, according to Google, there are an increasing number of searches and sales of VR glasses in holiday seasons. Emotions of wonder and joy are more evident than emotions of anger or frustration, so positive feelings can be seen to be predominant. ©2022 the Author(s), licensee AIMS Press. General Santos City, as the tuna capital of the Philippines, relies with the presence of tricycles in moving people and goods. Considered as a highly-urbanized city, General Santos City serves as vital link of the entire SOCKSARGEN region's economic activities. With the current thrust of the city in providing a sustainable transport service, several options were identified to adopt in the entire city, that includes cleaner and better transport mode. Electric tricycle is an after sought alternative that offers better choice in terms of identified factors of sustainable transport: reliability, safety, comfort, environment, affordability, and facility. A literature review was conducted to provide a comparison of cost and emission between a motorized tricycle and an e-tricycle. The study identified the existing tricycle industry of the city and reviewed the modal share with the city's travel pattern. Actual roadside and onboard survey were conducted both to passengers and drivers from the identified terminal to their destination. The survey revealed a number of hazards were with the current motorized tricycle that needs to address for the welfare of the passengers and drivers. With the application of exploratory data analysis using Python program, the study favors the shift to adopting E-tricycle. The model derived from binary logistics regression provided a 72.72% model accuracy. Based from the results and findings, electric tricycle can be an alternative mode of public transport in the city that highly support sustainable option that provides local populace to improve their quality of life through mobility and economic activity. Further recommendation to local policy makers in the transport sector of the city include the clustering of barangays for better traffic management and franchise regulation, the inclusion of transport-related infrastructure related to tricycle service with their investment planning and programming, the roll out and implementation of tricycle code of the city, and the piloting activity of introducing e-tricycle in the city.  © 2022 IEEE. Unforeseeable developments will accompany progressive COVID-19 recovery globally. Similarly, science will inform changes amidst its own progress. Social isolation and distancing imposed by the pandemic are likely to result in changed habits, behavior, and thinking paradigms. Inevitably, this should affect the tremendous confusion inhibiting automated urban mobility's evolution. While mobility often seems magnanimously resistant to change, using international data, this analysis shows road traffic, the largest net contributor to global warming, is responsible for even greater damages. The core claim justifies replacing private cars (PCs) by existing and future public transit (PT) vehicles. In testing 17 major cities globally, 94% of the scenarios proved PT superior or equivalent to PCs for reducing travel time. As a result, a foreseeable, future scenario shows potential reduction in car traffic by approximately two-thirds compared with the current situation. In two arenas, proactive government can promote such sustainable urban mobility: (1) developing autonomous vehicles for PT only; (2) coordinating standardization for seamless urban mobility. These global decisions for improving our lives in the future are likely to be better received and understood subsequent to COVID-19, as the focus of our concerns changes from what preoccupied us under the circumstances prior to the pandemic. © 2021, The Author(s). The goal of the paper is to investigate how sustainable hospitality companies accomplish the transformative potential of their business for improving the individual and collective well-being in the tourism and hospitality industry. Hence, we took into consideration the case of the Albergo Diffuso (AD), an innovative Italian model of hospitality. We adopted a case study approach based on 17 semi-structured interviews with key informants and a netnographic study analysing 1302 comments of previous guests - 286 in English and 1016 in Italian - on the popular booking website Tripadvisor. From the data analysis, five recurring themes emerged: Sustainability Concerns, Reciprocal Exchange, Mutual Network, Cultural Views, and Authentic Experience. These represent the Transformative Factors that impact on the individual and collective well-being from a hedonic and eudaimonic perspective in hospitality organisations. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd This article issues a challenge for interpretive tourism researchers to consider the trove of online data currently disavowed by aficionados of Netnography. Non-dyadic social media data is used by researchers but has been devalued as lacking legitimacy. However, by combining ‘lifeless’ non-dyadic social media with lesser-engaged ethnographic methods a lived proxy can be achieved. Nethnography is a two-part qualitative praxis of spending enough time with the phenomenon to discern meanings with confidence, which is then used to interpret non-dyadic textual discourse. Lesser-engaged ethnographic methods include participants as observers, observers as participants and complete observers. A fourth legitimizer of online interpretation are researchers or the cooperation of consultants who have previously immersed themselves in the phenomenon but were not researchers at the time. Sustainable advantages of Nethnography include (1) legitimizing [marginalized] non-dyadic secondary data. (2) Transferring researcher bias downstream. (3) Enhanced insight and subsequent truthfulness when analysing Big Data and, (4) Nethnography is less time-consuming than Netnography. It is not proposed that Nethnography competes with [traditional] Netnography, but instead intended to complement it as an alternate online qualitative research method of equivalent veracity. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Transportation agencies have been introducing responsible and sustainable winter maintenance practices to alleviate impacts on the environment, human health, vehicles, infrastructure, and reduce costs. Salt brine implementation is an alternative to reduce the amount of salt used in winter maintenance. Laboratory tests have provided evidence for the benefits and effectiveness of salt brine. However, laboratory findings may not reflect complex dynamics in the field. Thus, field data were collected from four counties in Wisconsin to evaluate pairs of study and control roadway segments and quantify material usage, performance, and cost. Data collection consisted of route, equipment, and storm data. The focus of the analysis was to compare total salt and cost per lane-kilometer, time to reach bare/wet conditions, and travel speed. Statistical tests were used to compare observations from study and control routes. Storm data analysis included 70 winter storms. The results of this research showed an overall 34% reduction in salt use and 5.1 fewer hours to reach bare/wet conditions with the study group using mostly salt brine compared to the control group using solid salt. Results suggest that implementation of salt brine in winter maintenance significantly reduces the amount of salt released to the environment and associated costs while maintaining a similar or better level of service. This paper contributes to the existing literature by using field data at study and control routes under the same winter weather conditions to evaluate the impact of salt brine on salt usage, cost, and level of service.  © 2021 American Society of Civil Engineers. There remains a continuous debate in the literature regarding the effect of the tourism industry on inequality. This study examines the tourism-induced Kuznets Curve Hypothesis for 34 countries in Europe, the Balkans, and Anatolia with a fourteen-year dataset using spatial panel data analysis. Results show the validity of this hypothesis. Therefore, one can conclude that the tourism industry contributes favourably to income equality only after some threshold. Moreover, findings indicate that increases in per capita income, urbanization ratio, and total labour force participation rate led to increased inequality. Therefore, to have desirable effects of the tourism industry on inclusive growth and sustainable development, investments should consider equality of income distribution. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. This study aimed to assess the opinion of the inhabitants of protected areas in the Polish-German borderland on the development of tourism using the concept of sustainable tourism. It was examined whether the type of protected area and the country of residence were determinants of sustainable tourism development. In 2019-2020, a questionnaire survey was conducted among residents near 14 protected areas in the Pomerania Euroregion. Multinomial and ordinal logit models were used in the data analysis. The main limitations of the survey were the inability to refer to similar surveys from previous years and for other protected areas in Poland and Germany. This prevented a complete spatial-temporal analysis. The study carried out on the acceptance by inhabitants of the neighbourhood of protected areas in the Pomerania Euroregion is unique. The Polish protected regions of the Pomerania Euroregion were shown to have more significant potential for sustainable tourism development than the German ones. The results also show some differences in the perception of tourism by the Poles and the Germans. © 2022 Ekonomia i Srodowisko.All right reserved. Global warming and the conservation of resources is a challenge for policymakers to achieve sustainable development. This study develops a new global tourism index, based on standard index-making procedures (indicators selection, winsorization, normalization, aggregation). It explores the impact of the global tourism index, renewable energy, gross domestic product, trade openness, urbanization, and cultural globalization on total ecological footprints and net resource depletion in 47 high-income countries, 33 upper-middle-income countries, 35 lower-middle-income countries, and 13 low-income countries from 1995 to 2019. The environmental Kuznets curve hypothesis has been validated in high-income (turning point: 41.010), lower-middle-income (turning point: 38.919), and low-income (turning point: 31.553) countries. The regression analysis confirmed a reduction in ecological footprint due to an increase in renewable energy use (all panels), urbanization (upper middle and low-income countries), and cultural globalization (lower-middle and low-income countries). The increase in ecological footprints was reported due to an increase in the gross domestic product (all panels), trade (high and low-income countries), and urbanization (high-income countries). The reduction in resource depletion was occurred due to an increase in tourism (high, upper-middle, and lower-middle-income countries), renewable energy (all panels), urbanization (upper middle and low-income countries), and cultural globalization (all panels). It is recommended to expand tourism activities and renewable energy. It is suggested to educate people about sustainable utilization of natural resources. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd The proceedings contain 57 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Business on Digital Economy and Business Analytics. The topics include: Knowledge Management by Firms: A Systematic Review; deep Neural Network to Forecast Stock Market Price; A VBA-Module for Converting Integrated Variables into Negative and Positive Cumulative Partial Sums; optimistic Retention Contract Evaluation; Cloud ERP Systems and Firm Performance; Analysis of Business Challenges and Opportunities Within the Era of COVID: Strategies for Sustainable Business; Understanding User Acceptance of IoT Based Healthcare in Jordan: Integration of the TTF and TAM; Digital Healthcare Provision Policies in United Arab Emirates (UAE) Amid COVID-19; opportunities and Challenges of Applying Electronic Human Resources Management in Business Organizations an Applied Study in the Telecommunications Sector, Jordan; image Segmentation Techniques to Support Manual Chest X-Ray Interpretation; an Investigation the Factors Affecting Towards Adoption of Digital Wallets in Iraq; predictive Analysis of Energy Use Based on Some Forecasting Models; big Data Analytics and Audit Quality: Evidence from Canada; continuance Intention to Use YouTube Applying the Uses and Gratifications Theory; assessing Service Quality and Customers Satisfaction Using Online Reviews; factors Affecting Student Satisfaction Towards Online Teaching: A Machine Learning Approach; effect of Implementing Building Information Modelling in Infrastructure Management of Smart Cities; revisiting the Concept of Consumer Ethnocentrism After the Plague: Why Buying Local Matters; The Determinants of Community Involvement Information Disclosure on Social Media by Malaysian PLCs; cultural Value Orientations Among Managers of Travel Agencies; determinants of Brand Switching in Cellular Networks in Pakistan. Urban recreationists interact at various locations at various times, resulting in potential conflicts. For sustainable urban tourism, this study extends the resident–tourist comparison into that of local, domestic, and overseas tourists and applies social network analysis to compare the spatiotemporal patterns of these three types of tourists. Results show that locals are accustomed to visiting natural parks and hutongs on weekends, while out-of-town tourists might tour popular sites in the city center during holidays, where domestic and overseas tourists may still encounter each other in hot spots. Only the flow of overseas tourists contradicts the distance attenuation effect. © 2022 Asia Pacific Tourism Association. Purpose: In recent years, tourists have been progressively increasing their interest in the natural environment and its enjoyment. The objective of this study was: (1) identify the underlying variables or motivational dimensions in ecotourism; and (2) analyze the demand segmentation in ecotourism. Design/methodology/approach: The empirical analysis was carried out in “Puntilla de Santa Elena” Fauna Production Reserve in Ecuador. The sample consisted of 369 surveys obtained in situ. For the data analysis, a factor analysis and a nonhierarchical K-media segmentation were performed. Findings: The results show six motivational dimensions in ecotourism: “Self-development and Interpersonal relationships,” “Building personal relationships,” “Escape and ego-defensive function,” “Marine nature,” “Terrestrial nature” and “Rewards.” Also, according to their motivations, three segments of ecotourists emerged: “Reward and escape,” “Marine nature” and “Multiple motives.” Research limitations/implications: The limitation is the temporality with which the study was carried out. Another limitation was the number of the samples used. As future lines of research, it is proposed to investigate the offer related to ecotourism products and services adapted to the demand segments found. Practical implications: Among the practical implications, operators and companies linked to the tourism sector can plan more efficient strategies, adapted to the specific needs of each segment to improve the satisfaction of tourists and the intentions of returning to the destination, providing greater benefit to the tourists, to the sustainable development of the destination and the community. Social implications: The findings of this research can help public institutions and private companies to improve the tourism supply, create sustainable plans and potentially develop more efficient marketing planning. Protected areas will benefit from information about demand. The communities will be able to elaborate products according to the motivations and found segments. Administrators will be able to create sustainable management plans for ecotourism. Originality/value: As ecotourism grows, it is vital to understand the ecotourists' motivations and segmentation to improve each segment service offering. This study presents original results of the motivations and segmentation of the demand for ecotourism based on a reserve area for the production of coastal marine fauna. To obtain valid results, a study was carried out in Ecuador, this being a country with a great variety of flora and fauna ideal for ecotourism. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited. Sustainable tourism research focuses on mitigating or remediating environmental, social and economic impacts on tourism. In the past years, Big Data approaches have been applied to the field of tourism allowing for remarkable progress. However, there seems to be little evidence to support that such approaches are an inspiration to sustainable tourism and are being implemented. In this context, we aim to obtain a comprehensive overview of the use of Big Data in sustainable tourism to address various issues and understand how Big Data can support decision-making in such scenarios. To that end, this paper reports on the results of a literature review via a combination of a Systematic Literature Review (SLR) in Software Engineering, and the use of the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) method. In summary, we investigated four facets: (a) sources of big data, (b) approaches, (c) purposes, and (d) contexts of application. The results suggest that the use of various approaches have impacted practices in sustainable tourism. The findings provide a thorough understanding of the state of the art of Big Data application in sustainable tourism and provide valuable insights to foster growth both in terms of research and practice. © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Understanding tourist spatial behaviours is essential for strategic planning and sustainable development. Especially at the city-level, data provide implications for spatial planning and transport governance. Intraregional tourist flows to cities contributed significantly to the total volume of tourists within the Central European region before the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak. Given the challenges that urban tourism is currently facing, intraregional tourist flows could be a strategic opportunity for future growth. As a comprehensive assessment of the tourist flows at this spatial level is lacking, the paper aims to evaluate the structure of these flows and discuss the factors that influence their spatial distribution. Statistical data analysis of tourist flows to selected cities in Central Europe is evaluated by multiple linear regression. The results show that the main factors affecting the distribution of tourist flows are air connection, the attractiveness of the destination, and the size of the source market. Tourist flows within Central Europe are fundamentally affected by Germany. This market can be considered the most important source of demand for inbound tourism. Germany's national ties with Austria and Switzerland generated 47% of all trips examined. In this case, the influences of historical ties and the broader socio-economic context are evident. © 2021 Ioannis Chrysikos, published by Sciendo. Private vehicle travel is the most basic mode of transportation, so that an effective way to control the real-world fuel consumption rate of light-duty vehicles plays a vital role in promoting sustainable economic growth as well as achieving a green low-carbon society. Therefore, the factors impacting individual carbon emissions must be elucidated. This study builds five different models to estimate the real-world fuel consumption rate of light-duty vehicles in China. The results reveal that the light gradient boosting machine (LightGBM) model performs better than the linear regression, naïve Bayes regression, neural network regression, and decision tree regression models, with a mean absolute error of 0.911 L/100 km, a mean absolute percentage error of 10.4%, a mean square error of 1.536, and an R-squared (R2) value of 0.642. This study also assesses a large pool of potential factors affecting real-world fuel consumption, from which the three most important factors are extracted, namely, reference fuel-consumption-rate value, engine power, and light-duty vehicle brand. Furthermore, a comparative analysis reveals that the vehicle factors with the greatest impact are the vehicle brand, engine power, and engine displacement. The average air pressure, average temperature, and sunshine time are the three most important climate factors. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. The proceedings contain 89 papers. The topics discussed include: qualitative assessment of cooking oil using diffuse reflectance spectroscopy technique; emotion classification of songs using deep learning; a review on power electronics technologies and applications for EV battery charging systems; feature selection techniques for bioinformatics data analysis; sonic waves travel-time prediction: when machine learning meets geophysics; a computational approach for predicting the termination of covid-19; diabetic retinopathy detection: improving accuracy using multiple transfer learning features from pre-trained deep learning networks; towards energy-aware scheduling of scientific workflows; a comparative hybrid optimization analysis of load frequency control in a single area power system using metaheuristic algorithms and linear quadratic regulator; and conceptualizing the implementation of peer-to-peer (P2P) energy trading in Malaysia through stakeholder engagement. Culture and natural history are facet of life that reflect the characteristics of a country. Preservation and utilization of cultural wealth and natural history are very strategic for the sustainability of a nation. Until now, various problems and challenges have arisen, such as: The widespread distribution of information, the absence of a centralized database to accommodate the existing information, the difficulty of knowing the diversity of cultural and natural history in each region, culture and natural history has not been used as elements to build the nation's character, and the current cultural and natural history information has not been used for tourism development. The cultural wealth of the Indonesian people may be eroded and slowly become extinct, or other nations will claim that this is their cultural wealth. Although conservation efforts have been carried out by various museums, national and regional libraries, and groups of activists to preserve cultural wealth, there are still many limitations to integrating and linking them to one another. Therefore, this preservation requires a digital 4.0 technology framework to be able to integrate and at the same time take advantage of this cultural and natural wealth for the welfare of the Indonesian nation. The digital technology 4.0 framework for preserving the Indonesian nation's cultural and natural wealth will be developed using a Big Data approach from various data sources (data from various museums, documentation, publications, etc.) structured, semi-structured, and unstructured. Feature selection and feature extraction from Big Data will be carried out using Principle Components Analysis, Cluster Analysis. The feature extraction result is then used as the forerunner of the framework's components. The components of this framework form the basis for designing an integrated system for the preservation of cultural and natural history, and form the basis for developing and implementing a portfolio of applications using artificial intelligence, which is also the outcome of this research.  © 2022 IEEE. The virtual airport hub business model is an innovative solution supported by digital technologies; the implementation of which in continental air transport may lead to a reduction in energy consumption and to a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions. The prerequisites for the implementation of the described solution are as follows: striving to implement the GHG emission reduction strategy laid out in the Paris Agreement (2015) and the European Green Deal (2019) as well as the EU digitalization strategy (2020). The use of predictive analytics to identify the mobility needs of population and operational capabilities of the sector gives an opportunity to plan travel flows and to create an appropriate set of direct connections among regional airports every day. The results of the analysis of data from 2019 on the amount of energy consumption and GHG emissions indicate that in Europe, it would be possible to achieve reduce GHG emissions by 5% without reducing the number of passengers using air transport. The study was prepared after conducting literature studies, data analysis, and using the method of formulating scenarios. The proposed solution has the features of an innovative business model, the implementation of which allows for obtaining more favorable effects using already available resources. © 2021 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Shared travel plays a more and more active role in the emergence of urban traffic, but there is no systematic and perfect combing and analysis on the study of bike-sharing without piles, especially on its operation and management mode. This paper will conduct a comprehensive data analysis on the research of bike-sharing without piles from the individual micro level and the enterprise government level, and explore the research focus and possible subject areas of future research. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. With publicly-available data collected from mainstream information platforms, this study used the term frequency inverse document frequency (TF-IDF) algorithm to detect 74 popular terms and phrases about employment, analyzed the changes in the ranking of these terms and phrases, and visualized the changing trend in the attention to employment skills from 2017 to 2019. The research result will facilitate application of big data technology to teaching administration in colleges, and provide a guide for college students to plan their study of vocational skills. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. This study quantitatively investigated the relationship between climate change (proxied by CO2 emissions), air pollution (proxied by PM2.5 concentration levels and PM10 and SO2 emissions), and tourism flows (proxied by inbound and domestic tourist arrivals) using panel data for 30 Chinese provinces from 2010 to 2017. The results demonstrate a long-term equilibrium relationship between CO2 emissions, air pollution variables, and tourism flows (including the number of inbound and domestic tourists). The panel data model results show that CO2 emissions have an opposite effect on inbound and domestic tourist arrivals, while domestic and inbound tourists positively affect CO2 emissions. PM2.5 level and PM10 and SO2 emissions all have a negative effect on the number of tourists. There is bidirectional causality between CO2 emissions and domestic tourist arrivals, which means CO2 emissions and domestic tourist arrivals have a two-way effect. A one-way causality running from PM2.5 to inbound tourist arrivals and SO2 emissions to domestic tourist arrivals was found. Moreover, we also found bidirectional causality between PM10 and inbound tourist arrivals and PM10 and domestic tourist arrivals. Variance decomposition function results suggest that PM10 and SO2 emissions have stronger effects on inbound tourist arrivals in the long term, while CO2 emissions and PM10 have stronger power in explaining innovations in domestic tourist arrivals. The movements in the domestic tourist arrivals do significantly affect CO2 emissions in the long run. The study provides theoretical implications and guidance for achieving a healthy and sustainable tourism industry. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Tourism that uses smart technology and practices to boost resource management and sustainability while growing their businesses' overall competitiveness is known as smart tourism. Information and communication technologies (ICTs) have had a profound impact on the tourism industry, and they continue to be the key drivers of tourism innovation. ICTs have fundamentally changed the way tourism products are developed, presented, and offered, according to the literature. Any empirical studies or experiments must be focused on accepted or formed hypotheses. In this regard, grounded theory measures were used for interpretation, while a systematic review was performed to assess the research scope from current studies and works. The main goal of the study is to investigate and propose long-lasting and stable smart technologies for implementing smart tourism. Grounded theory is a concept that uses methodical rules to gather and dissect data in order to construct an unbiased theory. Fewer studies on smart technology in tourism have been conducted, with a majority of them concentrating on IoT, virtual and augmented reality, big data, cloud computing, and mobile applications. In either case, there is space for further investigation into this important field of study. As a result, this paper is a vital first step toward a clearer understanding of how smart technology can be applied to the tourism industry. The number of available research work on smart technologies in tourism were fewer from the selected journals and conference proceedings, which led to the accessibility of lesser data for analysis.  © 2021 IEEE. In order to analyse the factors and dimensions that customers pay attention to smart hotels, this experiment selects the user reviews of five smart hotels on Ctrip as the research samples, and carries out network text big data collection, text pre-processing and topic mining through the relevant algorithms of Python programming language. The results show that customers' accommodation experience of smart hotel mainly includes five aspects: breakfast and transportation, staff service level, intelligent service, room environment, and room hardware facilities. Among them, the customer's attention to the intelligent services of smart hotels and the intelligentization of hardware facilities in guest rooms reflect the difference in customer experience between smart hotels and traditional hotels, which provides a certain reference for the optimization of hotel service levels. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Since the 1990s, circular economy has appeared in China and has gradually developed and grown. In recent years, with the development of information and the popularization of big data applications, circular economy has become the mainstream economic growth model China pursued. The concept of circular economy has also had a profound impact on China's corporate management. This article introduces the history of the development of human economy and the connotation of circular economy as well as the development history and development model of China's circular economy. It also discusses the impact of circular economy development on the management concepts and management methods of China's agricultural and industrial enterprises in the age of information. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Tourism can play an important role in diversifying the rural economy and its expanding in rural areas contributes to the sustainability of the population and the economy of these areas and provides the basis for achieving sustainable rural development. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between tourism and rural development in Doroodzan region of Marvdasht Township, Iran. This study was carried out using a survey method and the data were collected using a questionnaire from 150 head of households in the villages of the region. The validity of the questionnaire was verified by rural development specialists and the reliability of the instrument was confirmed by Cronbach’s alpha test, which was obtained between 0.71 and 0.88. The results of the data analysis showed that the status of socio-cultural, environmental, economic and rural development in general was rated as moderate. Also, the status of tourism development in the study area has been relatively low from the viewpoint of the respondents. The results also showed a positive and significant relationship between tourism development and socio-cultural, environmental and economic development (r = 0.60, 0.36, and 0.66 respectively). Especially, the intensity of this correlation was relatively higher for economic development. In order to predict the dependent variable (rural development), the multi-layer perceptron neural network was used. The purpose of this analysis was to assess the ability of tourism development to explain the variance of rural development. The results of this phase, showed that tourism development variable was able to explain 26.2% of the variance of dependent variable (rural development). At the end, according the findings some practical recommendations has been presented. © 2020, Springer Nature B.V. Culture and tourism have always been related, but with blurred interpretations of the empirical relationship between those phenomena. This paper estimates the impact of different cultural indicators on tourism development in 27 EU member states for the period 2008–2018, by using dynamic panel data. The results indicate that the number of UNESCO Heritage Sites do not have a significant influence on the number of tourism overnights, whereas there are significant positive effects on international tourism receipts and tourism employment. Moreover, the additional cultural sector specifics considered in the analysis; government expenditure on culture and employment in culture, showed to have a significant positive influence on all three tourism indicators used in the research. In addition, the research results indicate that the real GDP per capita and the level of human capital are significant drivers of tourism development. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Dockless bike sharing (DBS) provides a sustainable and green travel mode, which also enhances the connections with other travel modes. Understanding the travel mobility and demand of DBS become an urgent task for government and operators to provide better service. In this paper, we propose a network-based method to detect the travel mobility of DBS users based on the actual trip data. The studied area is divided by square grid with same size. The grids with trips are considered as nodes and the connections between nodes are considered as edges. To gain the dynamic characteristics of DBS travel mobility, we construct several networks according to different time periods in a weekday. We build a data-driven framework to analyze DBS network including accessibility, spatial inequality, spatial autocorrelation and network-based indicators. The relationship between flow strength and point-of-interest (POI) is discussed. The results show that travel demands of DBS are higher in morning peak and evening peak on weekdays. The DBS networks are inequality, connections are concentrated on center area. From the network view, the DBS network are assortative and positive autocorrelated with evident communities. The results imply that the number of residence and transport facility have strong correlations with flow strength. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd This article uses the selected data listed companies in Shenzhen Stock Exchange from 2008 to 2018 as big data samples to empirically study the impact of the board faultlines on corporate disclosure quality. Through statistical analysis and economic model, it transforms qualitative questions into quantitative questions. The results of the study show that the existence of the board faultlines will reduce the quality of information disclosure of listed companies. After a series of robustness tests, the above research findings are still robust. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. The present study is used Q-methodology to analyze the conceptions of different stakeholders (n = 30) including tourists, entrepreneurs, and policy makers about sustainable tourism (ST). The data analysis provided three distinct conceptions, namely context-developer, justice-driven, and tourist-oriented. The most widely held view was context-developer and has the most variance. The findings indicated that ST development policy makers should pay considerable attention to stakeholders’ different perspectives and the potential conflicts between them. © 2020, Springer Nature B.V. Cities in China gather data to support strategic and operational management, including databases on buildings, land use, human occupancy, underground services, and travel surveys. However, these data are seldom used to analyze policy decisions, with urban planning confined largely to operational planning. Real estate and financial interests dominate strategic planning, while an ecological crisis threatens urban sustainability in the long run. In this research, carbon emissions (CE) related to planning, building, and intra-urban travel are measured for two representative types of typical urban development in southern China, using data from Shenzhen. The two types are contemporary planned units (PUD) and dense, low-rise developments (VSD). It is found that VSD accounts for less than one-third the CE of PUD, although there is considerable diversity in the performance of PUD. Based on this research, major reductions in CE can be achieved by focussing urban planning policy on carbon-efficient development. © 2021 IGI Global. All rights reserved. The purpose of writing this paper is to determine and analyze how tourist perceptions of the service quality of tourist areas, tourism attractiveness of tourist satisfaction with estuary. The objective of the research was to analyze the competitiveness of tourist destinations in the North Sumatra region as an effort to expand theoretical and empirical evidence about the structural relationships among constructs the impact of tourism development, environmental attitudes, place attachment, development preferences about destination attractions as the resources, and support for a comprehensive strategy to improve competitiveness objectives. To identify and analyze the development of competitiveness of North Sumatra tourism based on visitor perspectives that reflect the services expected by the demand side, the method of data collection and data analysis used in the research on is the quantitative method of Structural Equation Modeling (SEM). Based on the results of research and analysis of the tourist preference indicators of tourist objects in North Sumatra, it was found that in empowering tourist areas with the development of the image of tourist areas in North Sumatra Province, it is necessary to prioritize the development of elements of tourism image builders that contribute greatly, namely human resource development, security and safety, hygiene and health, preferences and prices, and marketing strategies. In addition, to increase the competitiveness of tourist areas, a business climate policy and sustainability of protection, facilities and infrastructure are needed as well as increased tourist attraction. © 2021 by ASERS® Publishing. All rights reserved. the quality of College Students' employment is important because it involves human capital and social capital. The human capital and social capital of college students directly affects their quality of employment but the root is the parents' human capital. Empirical analysis shows that the effect of the father's educational level on the monthly wage of College Students' children is significant at a level of 5% and the direction is positive. The effect of the mother's educational level on the monthly wage of College Students' is also significant at a level of 5%, with a positive direction and the effect coefficient is greater than that for the father. Therefore, the equalization of educational opportunities is related to the life of one generation and to the growth of several generations. On-the-job education and lifelong education also play an important role in improving the quality of life for the offspring. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. In recent years, with the rapid development of economy and the explosive growth of urban population, China's traffic congestion has increased. Especially in some provincial capitals, the traffic congestion is still continuing in the peak hours, which not only hinders people's travel, but also brings many problems to the management of the relevant authorities. Therefore, optimal design of urban transportation planning is an inevitable choice for the sustainable development of the city This paper mainly studies the optimization design of urban traffic planning based on big data, and establishes the traffic signal quality prediction model by using the improved regression tree algorithm. At the same time, according to the spatial distribution pattern and coverage, K-Centroids distributed clustering algorithm is used to adapt to the current situation of base station optimal deployment. The experimental analysis shows that the iterative termination error of dynamic clustering is set to 0.0001, and the optimal projection direction vector is (0.0163, 0.0098, 0.617, 0.5123, 0.6701). The results show that for the problem of unbalanced distribution of training sample data set, smote method is used to reconstruct the sample data set to achieve the balance, and the experimental data also verify the effectiveness of the designed method. © 2021 In recent years, Internet has developed rapidly. The original mode of cultivating talents for radio and television directors in our undergraduate colleges no longer satisfy the needs of the current society. The talents cultivated in colleges and universities cannot match the talents needed by society. Many college students are facing graduation and unemployed, and employers are also worried about that they cannot find suitable talents. In order to adapt to the development of the society, the teaching method of the radio and television director major must be reformed. Based on the original theoretical basic knowledge, it is necessary to strengthen the students' data analysis and practical skills, they should assess the current situation and absorb excellent domestic and foreign students in the curriculum configuration. Cultivate experience, but it must conform to the current situation in our country. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. It is widely believed that bike-sharing has the potential to encourage sustainable travel by combining the flexibility of cycling with the reliability of public transport. However, there is actually little empirical evidence concerning the scale of that effect. While many models of bike-sharing travel patterns include station locations, only a few have accounted for heterogeneity in service levels. This paper aims to fill this gap by examining the case of the bike-sharing system in the city of Poznań (536,000 inhabitants). We hypothesise that a higher number of bike-sharing trips could be found in places with a higher frequency of public transport. A model based on trips data mined through a web application programming interface (over 19,240,000 GPS recorded bicycle positions), and open public transport frequency data from the general transit feed specification is used. Regression results show that while including control variables and spatial effects, the frequency of public transport was significantly associated with the number of bike-sharing trips. A positive effect existed for short and medium trips, whereas no relationship was found for long trips. Findings support the view that public transport frequency is a relevant factor for bike-sharing which should be taken into account in planning. © 2021 The Author(s) In the context of rural revitalization strategies and humans’ increasing leisure pursuit, leisure agriculture starts to act as a new engine of rural economic growth and industrial upgradation. Unraveling the agri-leisure developmental regularity from a spatial perspective facilitates urban-rural integration and poverty alleviation in rural regions. Given the lack of spatially analyzing agri-leisure (e.g., sightseeing picking orchards) especially at the macro-spatial scale (e.g., the national scale), this study aims to explore the spatiality of leisure agriculture and its fundamental driving mechanisms based on geo-visual (spatially visualizing) analytical tools looking at 20,778 picking orchards in China. Results show that: (1) Picking orchards are distributed in the form of clusters with striking disparity at multiple spatial scales; (2) Five spatial agglomerations are found involving the regions around Beijing and Tianjin, Shandong hinterland, Henan hinterland, the core district of the Yangtze Delta, and the core district of the Pearl River Delta; (3) The driving mechanisms are revealed, and the spatial pattern of picking orchards is found to be largely influenced by morphology, distance to central cities, traffic conditions, economic level, and tourism resources. This study is conducive to optimizing the spatial planning of rural eco-tourism towards sustainable agro-development. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Within ecotourism, the service can be improved with proper planning, achieving greater satisfaction and return of tourists, benefiting the destination and the community with higher income and employment. The objectives of this study were a) to analyze the relationships between tourists’ general satisfaction and loyalty, and b) to analyze the influence that the service aspects exert on the satisfaction and return of tourists. The study was conducted in Costa Rica, a Central American country with great ecological wealth for ecotourism. Three hundred ten questionnaires were filled out in the Arenal National Park and the Caño Negro National Wildlife Refuge. Spearman's statistical method of correlation was used for data analysis. As main results, the aspects of the service had a significant and positive influence on the satisfaction and return intentions of tourists. The aspects that most influenced general satisfaction were accessibility and infrastructure, tranquility, gastronomic quality, and the human treatment received. While the aspects that most influenced the return intentions were the tourist information and signage, the gastronomic quality, the accessibility of the infrastructure, and the equipment and facilities of the restaurant. The findings will serve to develop sustainable plans in protected areas and to improve service in ecotourism. © 2021, ASERS Publishing House. All rights reserved. The scientific community has a growing interest in understanding the interaction of the human-water system in water resource models. In Santa Elena (Ecuador), Valdivia, San Pedro, Sinchal, Barcelona and Carrizal communities are located in a semi-arid area, making the water supply a critical problem for local communities. In addition to the climatic conditions of the sector, the main problem is the weak participation in the integral management of the groundwater resource by the stakeholders involved. Specifically, there is evidence of a lack of ancestral-technical knowledge in management strategies and the fact that the demand for water for agriculture, tourism, and their basic needs exceed the sustainable supply capacity. The present study assesses the natural and anthropic conditions of the middle and lower basin of the Valdivia river through a socio-hydrogeological conceptual model of the river-aquifer system to develop productive activities in an environment of sustainability. The study methodology consists of four phases: I) river basin data analysis, ii) hydrogeological studies, iii) application of the Participatory Action Research (PAR) and Strengths-Weaknesses-Opportunities-Threats (SWOT) analysis, and iv) conceptual model of the river-aquifer system. The results show that the socio-hydrogeological model of the Valdivia River basin has four systems: Hydrogeological, ecological, economic, and social. In addition, the research detected problems present in the systems, such as droughts due to the influence of natural phenomena, aquifer overexploitation, lack of aquifer sustainability techniques, weak management and control of water resources, contamination of water sources and a lack of support from government agencies. The systems identified allow JAAPR-Valdivia to manage strategies to solve the problems detected in search of the sustainability of water resources. © 2021 WITPress. All rights reserved. Nonpharmaceutical interventions (NPIs) for contact suppression have been widely used worldwide, which impose harmful burdens on the well-being of populations and the local economy. The evaluation of alternative NPIs is needed to confront the pandemic with less disruption. By harnessing human mobility data, we develop an agent-based model that can evaluate the efficacies of NPIs with individualized mobility simulations. Based on the model, we propose data-driven targeted interventions to mitigate the COVID-19 pandemic in Hong Kong without city-wide NPIs. We develop a data-driven agent-based model for 7.55 × 10 6 Hong Kong residents to evaluate the efficacies of various NPIs in the first 80 days of the initial outbreak. The entire territory of Hong Kong has been split into 4905 500 × 500 m 2 grids. The model can simulate detailed agent interactions based on the demographics data, public facilities and functional buildings, transportation systems, and travel patterns. The general daily human mobility patterns are adopted from Google's Community Mobility Report. The scenario without any NPIs is set as the baseline. By simulating the epidemic progression and human movement at the individual level, we propose model-driven targeted interventions which focus on the surgical testing and quarantine of only a small portion of regions instead of enforcing NPIs in the whole city. The effectiveness of common NPIs and the proposed targeted interventions are evaluated by 100 extensive simulations. The proposed model can inform targeted interventions, which are able to effectively contain the COVID-19 outbreak with much lower disruption of the city. It represents a promising approach to sustainable NPIs to help us revive the economy of the city and the world.  © 2021 Author(s). This paper is to construct the modern apprenticeship talent training mode of "intercommunication, integration, and advancement", explore the road of school enterprise joint construction of Industrial College, and serve the national strategy and industrial development needs. This paper specialty and industry drive each other, seize the opportunity of a new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation, closely connected with the national strategy, deeply cooperate with industry-leading enterprises, face the new economy characterized by new industry, new technology, new business form, and a new mode, closely follow the needs of the era of "cloud, material, big, intelligent and mobile", and integrate industry, enterprise, and school in-depth, so as to create the fate of school and enterprise Community. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Heritage interpretation is an educational activity that provides information on natural and cultural heritage to people visiting heritage sites and objects. The article aims to identify different ways of using heritage interpretation as a tool for managing areas of sustainable development. The study consisted of a systematic literature review (knowledge mapping) in the field of heritage interpretation and sustainable development. Using the most important databases of scientific publications in the world (Scopus, Web of Science, Ebsco, Proquest), publications on the interpretation of heritage and sustainable development were searched. A total of 106 articles and scientific monographs were identified. Then, quantitative and qualitative data analysis was performed (text mining, topic ex-traction, content analysis). As a result, six thematic areas were identified: opportunities and threats for the area related to the implementation of heritage interpretation programs; the effectiveness of heritage interpretation in the areas of sustainable development; sustainable tourism development planning in heritage areas; the role of a guide-interpreter in the sustainable development of the area; the role of creativity in the heritage interpretation; and strategies for managing the visitor traffic in heritage areas. These thematic areas were discussed by citing examples from the literature on the subject. © 2021 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. This study analyzes the influence of CEO age on corporate performance under the big data environment and the role of media coverage in this relationship by taking the A-share listed companies from 2009 to 2019 as research objects. Our results show that in the low-speed developing enterprises, the older the CEO, the higher the level of corporate performance. Positive and neutral media reports positively affect corporate performance, whereas negative media reports negatively affect corporate performance. Media reports (including positive, negative, and neutral media reports) weaken the influence of CEO age on corporate performance  © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. At the early stage of development, China has a monotonous energy consumption structure dominated by coal, which damages the environment and has adverse impacts on the economy and sustainable development of the country. It is urgent to change the existing energy structure to reach the goal of sustainable development and improve people's living standard. The U.S., as the world's strongest power, has been where China is now, so it is feasible to draw lessons from the U.S in its energy consumption structure. In this study, massive data about the changes in the energy consumption structure are collected and processed, and the types of energy in China and the U.S. are compared. In 2030, China will become the largest consumer of petroleum, and the problems in China's energy consumption such as supply-demand imbalance, low utilization of energy, and overdependence on imports, will rear their ugly heads. Thus, through theoretical analysis and data analysis, we analyze China's current structure of energy consumption, its similarity with and difference from that in the U.S., and propose suggestions to improve China's energy consumption structure. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Oasis is the essence of an arid inland region and a problematic area for constructing ecological civilization. It is theoretically and practically important to strengthen the research on oasis ecological governance for promoting the construction of regional ecological civilization. For a long time, research on oasis ecological governance has emphasized the promotion of oasis ecosystem restoration by technical and economic means. However, such studies have not paid sufficient attention to the role of action subjects in ecological governance, which affects the effectiveness and sustainability of oasis ecological governance. Taking Ejina Oasis, Inner Mongolia, China as a case, we used hydrological monitoring data, engineering construction data, and social interview data and adopted field investigation methods, in-depth interviews, and data analysis through the combined analysis of policy tools. Based on such evidence, this paper investigated the production process of oasis ecological space under vertically embedded governance and clarified the relationship between oasis ecological governance and spatial production. The results showed that: (1) Institutional embedding of the central government broke the traditional food-based orientation of water resource allocation and shifted the water system of the watershed from a food production priority to an ecological protection priority. The Ejina Oasis was constructed as a national ecological conservation space using spatial representation and became an important ecological security barrier at the northern border of China. (2) Administrative embedding of the central government reshaped water use relations and water rights order in the basin, enabled water planning in the main stream of the Heihe River, and increased the inflow of water from the oasis. East Juyan Lake, which has been dry for many years, has a stable water surface now and is open as a scenic spot for eco-tourism. This transformed the wetland of the Gobi desert Lake into an eco-tourism resort and rebuilt the ecological space at the end of the Heihe River. (3) The embedding of central government regulations has solved the problem of lack of funding for the construction of oasis projects. Based on the artificial management of oasis irrigation and the governance of the oasis ecological protection zone, the canalization of the oasis river network and the functionalization of the oasis space have been realized. This transformed the Ejina Oasis from the marginal pastoral production and living space into the country's major ecological functional space. This paper aims to provide theoretical and case-by-case support to enrich and expand ecological governance research and promote oasis ecological governance from technological governance to subject governance in the new era. © 2021 Arid Land Geography. All rights reserved. It can be seen from the current development process of the field of forensic expertise that there are many problems in the application of the mechanism of the information structure. These problems lead to imperfect informatization construction process and too limited identification forms, which will have a great impact on the final identification results. This article summarizes the main content of big data technology in the construction of "Internet + Wisdom Judicial Expertise". This article discusses the specific application recommendations of big data technology in the "Internet + smart forensic appraisal", from focusing on forensic appraisal data collection and sorting, understanding forensic appraisal big data application requirements, building forensic appraisal big data analysis platform, and strengthening big data analysis platform resource network sharing four aspects. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. The data generated in public transport systems have proven to be of great importance in improving knowledge of public transport systems, being very valuable in promoting the sustainability of public transport through rational management. However, the analysis of this data involves numerous tasks, so that when the value of analysing the data is finally verified, the effort has already been very great. The management and analysis of the collected data face some difficulties. This is the case of the data collected by the current automated fare collection systems. These systems do not follow any open standards and are not usually designed with a multipurpose nature, so they do not facilitate the data analysis workflow (i.e. acquisition, storage, quality control, integration and quantitative analysis). Intending to reduce this workload, we propose a conceptual framework for analysing data from automated fare collection systems in mobility studies. The main components of this framework are (1) a simple data model, (2) scripts for creating and querying the database and (3) a system for reusing the most useful queries. This framework has been tested in a real public transport consortium in a Spanish region shaped by tourism. The outcomes of this research work could be reused and applied, with a lower initial effort, in other areas that have data recorded by an automated fare collection system but are not sure if it is worth investing in exploiting the data. After this experience, we consider that, even with the legal limitations applicable to the analysis of this type of data, the use of open standards by automated fare collection systems would facilitate the use of this type of data to its full potential. Meanwhile, the use of a common framework may be enough to start analysing the data. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. This paper integrates a low-carbon tourism supply chain consisting of a low-carbon tourist attraction (LTA) providing a low-carbon service and an online travel agency (OTA) responsible for big data marketing. Consumers may also encounter sudden crisis events that occur in the tourist attraction during their visit, and the occurrence of crisis events can damage the low-carbon goodwill of the tourist attraction to the detriment of the sustainable development of the supply chain. Therefore, this paper aims to investigate how tourism firms can develop dynamic strategies in the precrisis environment if they envision the occurrence of a crisis event and how crisis events affect interfirm cooperation. This paper uses stochastic jump processes to portray the dynamic evolution of low-carbon goodwill in the context of crisis events and introduces the methods of the differential game and Bellman’s continuous dynamic programming theory to study the sustainable operations of low-carbon tourism supply chains. Our findings provide important managerial insights for enterprises in the tourism supply chain and suggest that they need to not only become aware of the tourist attraction crisis events, but also, more importantly, they need to adjust their appropriate input strategies based on the degree of anticipation of the crisis. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. In recent years, the discussion of artificial intelligence has become a trend. With artificial intelligence gradually replacing more human work, artificial intelligence plays the role of "semi rational man"in the era of big data. One of the key issues in the academic discussion is the ethical issues of artificial intelligence intervention in the work of rational social people, such as: Does the leadership of artificial intelligence intervention violate the ethical standards of most people? This paper takes the artificial intelligence intervention in the construction of virtual leadership as the thinking object, and puts forward some thoughts on the ethical principles of artificial intelligence. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Based on the big data of Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges A-share listed companies from 2009 to 2019, this paper uses fixed effect model to analyze the impact mechanism of corporate social responsibility on commercial credit financing. The results show that: there is a significant negative relationship between corporate social responsibility and commercial credit financing, and the degree of market competition positively adjusts the relationship between the two. Further research finds that corporate social responsibility will increase cash holdings and then affect commercial credit financing. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Cambodia and Laos are two countries located in Southeast Asia. During the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak, people in these two countries are encouraged to work to sustain economic activities and therefore travel normally. A sound understanding of travel behavior in these two countries, however, has remained unknown during the global pandemic. This study explored the travel behavior of commuters for key destinations (i.e., workplace, market, and hospital) during the COVID-19 pandemic in Cambodia and Laos. The study used the primary dataset of 217 observations collected online from 29 March through 4 April 2020 using the simple random sampling technique. The multinomial logit model (MNL) was used for statistical data analysis. The results showed that males were more likely than females to go to work by motorcycle, followed by car and walking/cycling. Private/industry employees and state officials/public servants were likely to go to work, but academics/researchers, the self-employed, and the jobless/students were inclined not to travel. People living in cities had a higher preference to travel to work by car and motorcycle. People living in Laos were least likely to travel to the three key destinations by motorcycle and most likely to travel to the workplace and market by car, as compared to people living in Cambodia. Overall, the COVID-19 pandemic leads to changes in people's lifestyles as well as travel behavior. People preferred modes of private transport to public transport to obey social distancing, thereby avoiding getting infected with the virus. These solutions can simultaneously minimize the economic loss and slow down the spread of the COVID-19 disease. © 2021 ASEAN University Network/Southeast Asia Engineering Education Development Network. All rights reserved. In order to improve the quantitative evaluation ability of industrial and commercial management on promoting economic growth, the design method of quantitative evaluation model of industrial and commercial management on promoting economic growth based on hierarchical constraints is proposed. the descriptive statistical analysis method to realize big data fusion mining for quantitative evaluation of business administration's promotion to economic growth is used, and a hierarchical constraint parameter analysis model to realize node deployment model design of hierarchical constraint parameter analysis model is designed, fuzzy control and adaptive feature parameter identification are realized in the process of quantitative evaluation of industrial and commercial administration's promotion to economic growth. Convergence control is realized in the process of quantitative evaluation based on pattern recognition and association distributed fusion. Fuzzy degree identification and optimization prediction of quantitative evaluation of industrial and commercial administration's promotion to economic growth are realized in hierarchical constraint parameter analysis model. The simulation results show that the output accuracy and system stability of the quantitative evaluation of the promotion of business administration to economic growth are good. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. The growing ubiquity of location/activity sensing technologies and location-based services (LBS) has led to a large volume and variety of location-based big data (LocBigData), such as location tracking or sensing data, social media data, and crowdsourced geographic information. The increasing availability of such LocBigData has created unprecedented opportunities for research on urban systems and human environments in general. In this article, we first review the common types of LocBigData: mobile phone network data, GPS data, Location-based social media data, LBS usage/log data, smart card travel data, beacon log data (WiFi or Bluetooth), and camera imagery data. Secondly, we describe the opportunities fueled by LocBigData for the realization of smart cities, mainly via answering questions ranging from “what happened” and “why did it happen” to “what's likely to happen in the future” and “what to do next”. Thirdly, pitfalls of dealing with LocBigData are summarized, such as high volume/velocity/variety; non-random sampling; messy and not clean data; and correlations rather than causal relationships. Finally, we review the state-of-the-art research trends in this field, and conclude the article with a list of open research challenges and a research agenda for LocBigData research to help achieve the vision of smart and sustainable cities. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd Sustainability of transport infrastructure integration begins with involving an all-inclusive transportation chain instead of only focusing on one part of the journey. This is achieved by facilitating spatial integration between diverse transport modalities to allow for a multiplicity of travel opportunities. This paper unpacks the extent of the spatial integration of non-motorized transport and urban public transport infrastructure within the city of Johannesburg in South Africa. Cycling activity datasets derived from Strava Metro and the spatial data of urban public transport infrastructures were collected to demonstrate existing spatial patterns and infrastructure connectivity. Exploratory spatial data analysis and focal statistics analysis were central in the data processing. The findings reveal that cycling activities are separated from urban public transport infrastructure, and the city of Johannesburg’s transport system is characterized by spatially fragmented commuting and cycling operations, with limited to no sharing of infrastructure. Most public transport stations are not easily accessible for non-motorized transport and are characterized by inadequate cycling facilities. In conclusion, the identification of an urban public transportation catchment area becomes essential for developing cities such as Johannesburg. This can be used as tool for planning infrastructural upgrades and forecasting potential public transport ridership while also assessing the impacts of in-vestments in transit planning. There is thus a need to integrate motorized urban public transport and cycling infrastructural developments toward promoting multi-mobility and infrastructure sharing. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. The determination of urease activity is one of the important projects in Enzyme engineering experiment and production. In the paper, the urease activity of soybean was determined by pH increment method, titration method and Nash reagent method, and the three methods were compared. The results showed that the urease activity of the same sample measured by pH increment method, titration method and Nash reagent method was not equal in value and could not be used mutually, and the urease activity of the same sample measured by Nash reagent method was the highest. The same experimental project adopts a variety of methods to improve students ' interest in learning, improve students' data analysis ability, and provide a better way to cultivate applied and innovative talents. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. In the process of rapid development of economic globalization and regional integration, the importance of urban agglomeration has become increasingly prominent. It is not only the main carrier for countries and regions to participate in international competition, but also the main place to promote regional coordination and sustainable development. Coordinated economic, environ-mental, tourism and traffic development is very necessary for sustainable regional development. However, the existing literature lacks research on coupling coordination of the Economy–Environ-ment–Tourism–Traffic (EETT) system in urban agglomeration. In this study, in order to fill this gap, we establish the index system from four dimensions of economy, environment, tourism and traffic, and select the influencing factors from the natural and human perspectives to exam the spatio-tem-poral changes and influencing factors in the coupling coordination of the EETT system using an integrated method in the Middle Reaches of Yangtze River Urban Agglomerations (MRYRUA), China. The results indicate that the coupling coordination degree of the EETT system transitioned from the uncoordinated period to the coordinated period, while it showed an increasing trend on the whole from 1995 to 2017. The spatial agglomeration effect has been positive since 2010, while “High–High” and “Low–High” agglomeration regions were transferred from the east to the south. Land used for urban construction as a percentage of the urban area and vegetation index has a great impact on the coupling coordination degree. These results provide important guidance for the formulation of integration and coordinated development policy in the MRYRUA, and then increase China’s international competitiveness by improving the contribution of urban agglomerations to GDP. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Lebakmuncang is a tourism village in Ciwidey, Bandung, West Java, Indonesia, which has potential for natural and cultural resources supporting agro-tourism development. In recent years there has been a decline in tourist visits. The research objectives were to analyze the agro-tourism potential, to analyze visitor's perceptions of the attractiveness of agro-tourism and agro-tourism development strategies. The research design used descriptive quantitative. Fifty tourists were selected by accidental sampling, and ten informants were selected purposively. Data analysis technique used Likert scale and SWOT matrix. The results showed Lebakmuncang village has variety agricultural commodities, dairy farming, and coffee processing business that have potential to support agro-tourism development; visitors' perceptions of attraction and ancillary services was excellent. Visitors' perception of amenities and accessibility was good. Strategies that can be carried out in developing agro-tourism are: (1) increasing community involvement, (2) adding animal husbandry attractions and coffee processing in tour packages, (3) adding supporting facilities that are not yet available, (4) synchronizing agro-tourism development programs with stakeholders, (5) training human resources in internet technology-based tourism management, (6) partnerships in promotion and marketing with travel agents, (7) improving service quality, (8) creating community-based and sustainable agro-tourism branding, and (9) promotional cooperation with other tourist objects.. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Sustainable urban mobility is an essential component of sustainable development but requires careful planning in rapidly growing urban areas. This paper investigates the value and limitations of Big Data for evaluating transport policies, plans, and projects in Hubballi-Dharwad, India. Results show how Big Data can enable the outcomes of transport interventions to be evaluated more readily than conventional transport analysis. However, the analysis also found that this data may be less able to detect the impacts of travel behaviours in informal settlements, and the impact of extreme weather events. These potential shortcomings, as well as a lack of transparency around the methodology and data sources used by sources of Big Data, could generate unintended consequences and biases in transport planning. Reflecting on these challenges, and the wider implications for urban governance, we conclude that there is an urgent need for Big Data and other technical advances in urban modelling to be seen as compliments to, rather than substitutes for, wider methods of knowledge generation in urban areas. © 2021 The Authors. Sustainable Development published by ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd. This paper studies the international supply chain finance among trading countries under the Internet financial environment. By introducing "One Belt And One Road"and "supply chain finance", this paper analyzes the main supply chain finance models involved in the "One Belt And One Road"strategy, and uses clustering method to analyze and summarize the financial risks of supply chain. The analysis results are obtained through data mining reasoning. On this basis, it mainly uses Internet information technology, big data analysis and other technologies to deal with the risks in the international supply chain, and puts forward constructive suggestions to promote the coordinated development of supply chain finance among countries. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Given the development trend of the tourism industry and the challenges the industry faces, this study probes into the market needs for all-for-one tourism, analyzes the role that cloud platforms play in promoting digitalization of tourism, and introduces the application of cloud technology in four application scenarios - big data cloud platform, smart service platform, comprehensive management platform, and destination marketing platform. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Urban mobility plays an important role in addressing urban livability. The complexification and dispersion of travel due to the improvement of transport and the multiplication of our daily living places underline the relevance of multilevel territorial planning, recognizing that the knowledge of local differences is essential for more effective urban policies. This paper aims (1) to comprehend conceptually how urban mobility contributes to the urban livability from the local to metropolitan level and (2) to assess the previous relation toward a livable metropolis based on the readily available statistics for the Lisbon Metropolitan Area. Hence, a triangulation between conceptual, political/operative, and quantitative/monitoring approaches is required. The methodology follows four steps: (1) literature review focusing on the quantification of urban mobility within the urban livability approach; (2) data collection from the Portuguese statistics system; (3) data analysis and results, using principal component analysis (PCA) followed by cluster analysis (CA); (4) discussion and conclusions. In Portugal, although it is implicit, consistency is evident between the premises of recent urban mobility policies and respective planning instruments, such as the Sustainable Urban Mobility Plans (SUMP), and the premises of urban livability as an urban movement. Focusing on the national statistics system, the available indicators that meet our quality criteria are scarce and represent a reduced number of domains. Even so, they allow identifying intra-metropolitan differences in the Lisbon Metropolitan Area (LMA) that could support multilevel planning instruments. The results identified five principal components related to commuting at the local and intermunicipal level, including car use as well as social and environmental externalities, and they reorganized the 18 LMA municipalities into eight groups, clearly isolating Lisbon, the capital, from the others. The identification of sensitive territories and respective problems based on urban livability principles is fundamental for an effective urban planning from livable communities to livable metropolis. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Tourism is one of the economic activities that has changed most since large-scale multidimensional data set, so-called big data, was provided. The scientific literature on big data and tourism with the hospitality industry has been growing exponentially, which is, for this reason, hard to comprehend and synthesise manually. Our research question is how to familiarise oneself with the current knowledge of the relationship between the big data and the complex changes in the tourism and hospitality industry. An automated content analysis procedure was used to identify key topics and concepts of interest to the researchers. A careful review of the abstracts and full texts was carried out, resulting in a final list of 308 papers published in 154 journals. We used the Leximancer software 5.0 to create an automated content analysis. Seven topics (tourism, data, search, model, industry, online and travel) from papers published between 2011 and 5/2020 were found. We propose future development trends of big data in sustainable tourism. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. In this article, we for the first time applied the vector error correction model (VECM) Granger causality approach to investigate the short-run and long-run causal relationships among tourism, economic growth, energy consumption, and carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions for 30 Chinese provinces over the period 2000–2017. The results implied that the analyzed variables became stationary at their first differences. The panel cointegration tests indicated the presence of a long-term equilibrium relationship among these four analyzed variables. Results from the VECM Granger causality tests suggested that the bidirectional short-term causalities were statistically confirmed between gross domestic product (GDP) and tourism. Additionally, we found that some unidirectional short-run causalities existed running from energy consumption to other analyzed variables and bidirectional long-run causalities existed between CO2 emissions and GDP, CO2 emissions and tourism, and GDP and tourism. Moreover, we also found the existence of unidirectional long-term causalities running from energy consumption to other analyzed variables. Based on these findings, we highlighted some key policy implications to develop China’s sustainable tourism. © The Author(s) 2020. Currently, many countries and regions generally believe that the temperature change in satellite network is a very important environment, which is also very important for the survival and development of the world population and the sustainable development of the world economy. After research and analysis of the annual average temperature, water year average temperature, water body annual temperature, and sea level in the partial area of ​​satellite can be found that the average temperature in the world has increased year by year. Based on the stored data information of the annual average temperature of 12 different meteorological stations in the mountainous area in the past 14 years from 2007 to now, through data analysis and data statistical analysis using scientific statistical software, this paper studies the temperature change, geographical distribution and temporal change in the mountainous area in the past few decades. Nowadays, China’s tourism industry has built strong vitality with the improvement of national economic income. With the increase of tourism, the protection of ecological environment in tourism has gradually attracted people's attention. Ecotourism has become a new force and main direction oftourism. Ecotourism can promote the healthy and sustainable development of China’s tourism industry, and it can also make the tourism market more standardized scientific and rationalization. The healthy development of ecotourism is inseparable from the national standardization management, developing scientific and reasonable planning and programs, protecting the natural resources of tourist attractions, and conducts scientific and effective assessments of ecotourism, and creates a perfect ecotourism supervision system. The research and analysis of this paper have significant value for the healthy development of rural ecological tourism. © 2021, Saudi Society for Geosciences. Cultivating students' critical thinking ability in the era of big data helps to enhance students' innovative consciousness and ability, and is of great significance to the improvement of students' comprehensive quality. Colleges and universities are important places to cultivate high-quality talents and transform students' social roles. Therefore, higher education not only needs to pay attention to the teaching of knowledge and skills, but also needs to strengthen the cultivation of students' comprehensive quality and critical thinking. Taking X College in Anhui Province as an example, this study first analyzes the current situation of colleges and universities in the cultivation of students' critical thinking ability under the background of big data era, and then combines advanced foreign experience to put forward targeted countermeasures and suggestions. Research has found that students' critical thinking is generally weak, social adaptability is low, and educational effects are not satisfactory. The reason lies in the lag of teaching philosophy, curriculum system, and teaching methods. Therefore, it is necessary to further strengthen the summary of practical experience, promote the reform of the teaching system, and then improve the critical thinking ability of college students. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Under the strategic background to strengthen the police with science and technology, intelligence policing is a new model formed by public security organs based on the integration, fusion and application of big data, which provides system support and technical guarantee for the current social security management work. This article focuses on social security management in the context of intelligence policing, and systematically analyzes the specific practice and inherent characteristics of the construction of intelligence policing, then to build a scientific and reasonable social safety management mechanism. This not only has important theoretical significance, but also has certain practical value to comprehensively improve police efficiency and enhance social governance capabilities. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Commitment to technology, sustainability, innovation, and accessibility has not only improved the quality of life but has also created a niche for luxury tourism with smart tourism eco-space. Smart tourism destinations (STD) need vigorous, well-connected stakeholders with the help of a technological platform for data exchange. Instant data exchange creates extremely large data sets known as big data. This chapter aims to contribute to the understanding on how smart tourism destinations could potentially enhance luxury tourism that is more personalized to meet visitors' unique needs and preferences. Developing smart tourism destinations can be an effective mode to engage all the stakeholders and tourists. In improving destination performance, smart tourism ecosystem applies social media analytics and smart tourism technologies. This chapter aims to relate local area as smart tourism local service systems (S-TLSS) and luxury tourism. © 2021 by IGI Global. All rights reserved. Big data has become a new factor of production in the era of digital governance. Big data has changed the thinking and mode of decision-making, enabled governance decision-making, and created a new paradigm of decision-making. However, in the actual application process, due to the limitations of data availability, time, cost, cognitive and psychological factors, it is often inconsistent with panoramic data. How to judge and solve the inconsistency between the data subset and the data set is the premise of making scientific decision. From the perspective of "consistency", this paper constructs the basic assumptions of governance decision-making, combs and explains the solution path of consistency between the available data subset and the expected data set, expands the research perspective of measuring data similarity, and deepens the feasibility of data-driven enabling governance decision-making. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. In December 2019, China’s research travel market plummeted as a result of the novel coronavirus epidemic. In the context of a depressed research market in the Information Age, the concept of “Internet + research” emerged. First, according to symbiosis theory, the symbiotic units of smart research travel are determined. Then, based on a structural design of smart research travel data system, key technologies in big data, cloud computing, and Internet of Things are described in detail. Finally, based on the traditional browser/server architecture model of computers, a smart research travel system architecture suitable for the epidemic situation is constructed. The purpose of this study is to build a new ecology of research travel, optimize resource allocation, and promote the healthy, stable, and sustainable development of research travel in the country. © 2021 Institute of Physics Publishing. All rights reserved. In the process of rapid development of big data technology, the digital technology revolution is developing faster and faster. In the context of big data, the data resources of enterprises have been equipped to become data assets. The corporate financial accounting system requires effective accounting treatment and information presentation of data assets. This is a problem that must be addressed in the current corporate development process. This article researches and analyzes the accounting treatment of enterprise data assets and the related content of information presentation. The author also discussed the specific characteristics of data assets in the course of enterprise operation, and how to strengthen the classification research work of data assets. This can improve the effectiveness of the data asset information presentation model, and provide a reference for similar enterprise data asset business and related information disclosure. This is also conducive to give full play to the value discovery function of accounting information in the development process of the enterprise, and reduce the problem of asymmetry of internal and external information. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. The COVID-19 pandemic once brought the global cruise industry to a standstill. This has led to the realization that the development of viable disease risk management policies and measures will guarantee the sustainability of cruise tourism. The purpose of this study is to identify and develop a framework for risk management of cruise ship disease based on the research literature of cruise diseases in the Web of Science from 1996 to 2019. The study analyzed the characteristics of the literature researchers, the relationships between their research institutions organizations, the main cruise ship disease cases and measures. Based on the discussion of COVID-19 on cruise ships，risk management factors of cruise ship diseases were proposed，which include the port country's epidemic prevention capacity, the mode of disease transmission, the relevant regulations on international public health disposal, the design and construction of cruise ships, the medical and health conditions on cruise ships, and the characteristics of cruise tourism activities. A timeline and system framework for cruise ship disease risk management is proposed. A special “maritime mobile community prevention and control system” should be established, and a cooperation mechanism consisting of the government, non-governmental organizations, trade groups and industry experts should be established. The port should be capable of border isolation, detection and establishment of temporary shelter hospitals. At the same time, big data technologies such as disease tracking, investigation and health data are also important components of the risk management system. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd The development of geotourism destinations often does not involve spatial planning according to the characteristics of an area. This study describes the design results for Bandung Basin geotourism destinations, Indonesia, through a destination spatial planning approach. In addition, it also discusses appropriate spatial models to support a sustainable Bandung Basin area. This qualitative study used primary data obtained through a series of semi-structured interview questions to the government and attraction managers in the Bandung Basin area and observations were conducted to 112 out of 191 tourism attractions on the site. Meanwhile, secondary data are obtained using a desk study method to acquire more information and data regarding spatial information and geotourism development from a variety of policy documents. Data analysed in this study consisted of content analysis, map analysis, and descriptive analysis. The spatial design process of this destination has produced an appropriate spatial model for the development of the Bandung Basin area as a geotourism destination. The spatial elements that make up the Bandung Basin geotourism destination can be applied to tourism destinations that are tailored to the uniqueness of the region and local government policies. The spatial model of geotourism destinations contributes to geopark development to support the realization of sustainable regional development. © School of Engineering, Taylor's University With the wide application of mobile Internet, Internet of Things and social media, the era of big data has come. "Smart city"is the trend of urban development and the integration of urbanization and informatization. Although it is still in the pilot stage, it has broad prospects. This paper discusses the application fields and implementation methods of big data technology in "Smart city", and puts forward suggestions for the construction of smart city, which is helpful to improve the wisdom level of the city. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Introduction: Telehealth videoconferencing (TVC) may improve access in rural areas, but reported uptake and outcomes among kidney transplant recipients (KTRs) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients are limited. This study aimed to assess the feasibility, sustainability, and clinical outcomes of TVC for this patient population. Methods: A total of 64 participants were recruited in this single-center, prospective, 2-year longitudinal, case-control study. Inclusion criteria for the telemedicine group included travel of ≥15 km to the hospital, and the control group was matched for transplant or CKD status, age, and sex. The primary outcome was feasibility (≥50% of consultations for each individual patient in the telemedicine group being conducted by TVC in year 1). Secondary outcomes were sustainability of telemedicine, change in blood pressure and creatinine, hospitalization, and travel distance. Results: There were 32 participants in both the telemedicine and control arms, with no baseline differences. The majority were male (65.6%) and the mean age was 63.9 years (SD = 12.3 years). TVC uptake in year 1 in the telemedicine arm was 71% (interquartile range [IQR] = 50.0−100.0) but reduced significantly in year 2 (50.0% [IQR = 33.3−71.4], P < 0.01). No significant differences in creatinine or blood pressure were observed between groups, including in the KTRs and CKD subgroup analysis. Patient satisfaction remained high for both groups. Compared with travel distance required if TVC was unavailable, travel distance in the TVC group decreased by 48% (16,644 km) in year 1 and by 37.0% (8177 km) in year 2. Conclusion: TVC was feasible and sustainable, with outcomes comparable to those of standard care. Larger studies, especially among KTRs, are needed to confirm these findings. © 2021 International Society of Nephrology In today's daily traveller world, not only the time and money became important, but climate change and pandemic raised the importance of safety and sustainability of future trip plans. In order to provide such a wide coverage for a variety of important information, a sustainable trip planner needs to receive a lot of data from a variety of differentiated data sources. Provided review of related works shows that a lot of started activities in this aspects gives all of us promises and hope that available Big Data sources will be wisely used in order to bring added value not only to individual travellers, but also society, the transportation services will become better structured and information will be easily available for smart and safe decision making, that gradually will increase life quality. The study's main goal is analysis of open data sources for the trip planner development. Authors analysed availability of data for Riga transport system and data usage for sustainable trip planner.  © 2021 Alise Dinko et al., published by Sciendo 2021. This research aims to test the relation between the antecedents, barriers and consequences of adopting sustainable practices in Portuguese wine tourism companies. Quantitative research resorted to collecting primary data from 103 Portuguese wine tourism companies, the data analysis technique being structural equation modelling using SmartPLS 3.0 software. The results indicate that the antecedents (internal pressure and external pressure) influence the adoption of sustainable practices in wine tourism. In addition, the adoption of sustainable practices may result in benefits for companies in the wine tourism sector. Finally, the barriers were found not to moderate the relation between antecedents (internal pressure and external pressure) and the adoption of sustainable practices. Therefore, even if barriers are perceived by business-people, they tend to continue to adopt sustainable practices in wine tourism. © 2021 The growing concerns about the negative effects caused by whale watching on wild cetacean populations are evincing the need to measure whale watching effort more precisely. The current alternatives do not provide sufficient information or imply time-consuming and staff-intensive tasks that limit their effectiveness to establish the maximum carrying capacity for this tourist activity. A methodology based on big data analysis, using Automatic Identification System (AIS) messages can provide valuable vessel activity information, which is necessary to estimate whale watching effort in areas with cetacean populations. We used AIS data to automatically detect whale watching operations and quantify whale watching effort with high spatial and temporal resolution in the Canary Islands off the west African coast. The results obtained in this study are very encouraging, proving that the methodology can estimate seasonal and annual trends in the whale watching effort. The methodology has also proved to be effective in providing detailed spatial information about the whale watching effort, which makes an interesting tool to manage spatial regulations and enforce exclusion zones. The widespread use of AIS devices in maritime navigation provides an enormous potential to easily extend this methodology to other regions worldwide. Any public strategy aimed at the sustainable use of marine resources should enhance the use of this kind of information technologies, collecting and archiving detailed information on the activity of all the vessels, especially in marine protected areas. © Copyright © 2021 Almunia, Delponti and Rosa. Public transportation issues are increasingly becoming a key constraint to the sustainable development of urban economic and social development. Based on crowd big data and GIS spatial analysis methods, this article analyzes the accessibility of the public transportation in Wansheng Economic and Technological Development Zone (hereinafter referred to as the development zone). A comprehensive evaluation and analysis was conducted to study the matching relationship between population density and existing public transportation stations, and to propose the optimal suggestions. The results show that the overall public transportation accessibility in the development zone is average level, and the public transportation accessibility is better in the densest crowded areas, but in the east and southeast of the development zone, crowd activities are poorly matched with the public transportation network, and residents' travel demands can't get public transportation with timely responses. © 2021 Institute of Physics Publishing. All rights reserved. The Chinese government pledged to strive to peak carbon emission by 2030 and achieve carbon neutrality by 2060. In the context of the industrial sector's deepening response to climate change and the overall promotion of green transformation, industrial parks have become the critical trouble-shooters in achieving scientific and precise targeted carbon emission reductions in the industrial sector during the "14th Five-Year Plan"period and even in the future. Based on big data analysis, this paper analyzed the carbon emission data of 213 national industrial parks. This paper identified challenges and opportunities underlying the low-carbon transition of China's industrial parks, and quantified decarbonization targets, pathways and potentials of the industrial parks towards 2035 and 2050. During 2015-2050, China's industrial parks are expected to reduce CO2 emission by 1.8 gigaton (dropped by more than 60%) via industrial structure optimization, energy efficiency improvement, energy structure decarbonization, and carbon capture, utilization and storage; specifically, 0.8 and 1.0 gigaton of CO2 emission could be reduced during 2015-2035 and 2035-2050, respectively. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Numerous environmental problems have emerged along with the development of tourism villages in various areas of Indonesia. This research aims to discover a concept of sustainable tourism village development, and to describe principles of environmental ethics and social entrepreneurship that are line with global demands. The research uses a qualitative method. The location of the research is the District of Karangpandan in Karanganyar Regency, the first language tourism village in Central Java. Data sources include both primary and secondary data. The data collection techniques were interviews, observation, and documentation. The data analysis included the stages of data collection, data reduction, data presentation, and conclusion. The research results show that the model of developing a language tourism village based on the principles of environmental ethics and social entrepreneurship has been proven to contribute to the success of developing village tourism. The principles of environmental ethics consist of respect for nature, moral responsibility for nature, cosmic solidarity, principle of care and concern for nature, principle of “no harm”, principle of living simply and in harmony with nature, principle of justice the principles of environmental ethics inspire stakeholders in preserving the environment. Furthermore, the components of social entrepreneurship include: resources, networking, research and development, packaging, marketing, and branding, Leadership and Entrepreneurship and all that gives inspiration for empowering the surrounding community. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences. From the perspective of satisfaction, physical and mental health, and re-travel, this study explored whether the development of religious and cultural tourism could construct a sustainable and friendly life and leisure environment for the elderly to promote physical and mental health. This research adopted a mixed method, collected 700 questionnaires, used SPSS 22.0 statistical software, and analyzed basic statistics, t-test, and PPMCC test. Then, the researchers conducted semi-structured interviews, collected the opinions of six interviewees, and finally analyzed with multiple checks Law discussion. The results found that people of different genders and stakeholders had different opinions about DIY activities on leisure satisfaction, featured itineraries, relaxation areas, signs and instructions, community association and service center services, historical landmarks, and public transportation. They found people’s life satisfaction in physical and mental health was increased, their headaches or pressures on the top of their heads were relieved, backache problems were reduced, and they were no longer anxious and lost tempers. They had a greater willingness to revisit some places and share experiences. This study found significant differences among these topics (p < 0.01). Women, residents, and tourists had different opinions. In addition, although the natural environment landscape and feelings have the greatest influence, the better the physical and mental health was improved, the better the willingness to travel. However, the more perfect the local construction and development, the less favorable to attract people to engage in leisure activities or tourism consumption. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. In the era of big data, information sharing functions are of great significance. Moreover, under the effect of big data technology, information sharing can also avoid the problems of traditional supply chain logistics management, develop personalized service content for users, and fully control order risks. This article summarizes the current situation of traditional supply chain logistics services based on previous work experience. The author discusses the impact of big data on supply chain logistics management from how to improve the effect of high-tech management and control, how to shift from price competition to value competition, how to build a "big logistics"system, reduce logistics costs, strengthen distribution efficiency, and improve the stability of the enterprise, how to enhance the user service experience these all six aspects. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. This paper puts forward a research system for the development of coastal tourism resources and the sustainable development of environment. This paper discusses and classifies the concept, index system, calculation model, island tourism, and other related literature about the development of coastal tourism resources and the sustainable development of environment. In addition, according to the characteristics of the island’s ecological environment, the components of ecological capacity are determined. The system determines the first level of four indicators, namely, the capacity of ecological environment, the capacity of resource space environment, the capacity of tourism facilities, and the capacity of tourists’ psychological environment. Using simulation analysis, the obtained indicators are compared with the traditional data mining algorithms (such as Apriori and Eclat). The simulation results show that the proposed method has excellent performance, and the final average accuracy of recommendation can reach about 80%. This paper discusses the evolution of coastal tourism resources and the sustainable development of environment in data mining and puts forward the suggestions of using multimedia technology, data mining, and geographic information technology to realize the coastal tourism resource development system and the sustainable development consistent with the space-time environment. In addition, this paper proposes a method to filter the tourism destinations according to the current situation of users and then classifies the tourism destinations by collaborative filtering to study the environmental impact. Big data mining technology will provide new ideas for developing coastal tourism resources and ensuring environmental sustainability. © 2021, Saudi Society for Geosciences. The spatial arrangement of a metropolis is of utmost importance to carry out daily activities, which are constrained by space and time. Accessibility is not only shaped by the spatial and temporal dimension, but it is also defined by individual characteristics, such as gender, impairments, or socioeconomic characteristics of the citizens living or commuting in this area. This study analyzes mobility trends and patterns in the metropolitan area of Barcelona before and after the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak, with special emphasis on gender and equality. The study draws on multiple sources of information; however, two main datasets are analyzed: two traditional travel surveys from the transport metropolitan area of Barcelona and two coming from smartphone data. The results show that gender plays a relevant role when analyzing mobility patterns, as already highlighted in other studies, but, after the pandemic outbreak, some population groups were more likely to change their mobility patterns, for example, highly educated population groups and those with higher income. This study also highlights that e-activities may shape new mobility patterns and living conditions for some population segments, but some activities cannot be replaced by IT technologies. For all these reasons, city and transport planning should foster sustainable development policies, which will provide the maximum benefit for society. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Along with the deep learning represented by machine learning algorithms in machine vision and speech recognition in areas such as a great success,and cloud computing, big data provide a steady stream of data resources, such as artificial intelligence into the unprecedented rapid development, and is profoundly changing the from all walks of life, but the road of the artificial intelligence + education how to walk, it is lack of system, in view of this the paper together promote cooperation profound research of artificial intelligence, in order to inspire the thinking of artificial intelligence in university-enterprise cooperation promote the deepening of highervocational education and enterprise integration. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Sustainable development of a community needs to be balanced in all dimensions. Global warming and climate change from human emissions can affect the development of communities including highland communities in Chiang Rai, Thailand in terms of human life, growth and yield of plants and animals. This research presents low-carbon tourism for the sustainable development of the rural highland community in Chiang Rai, Thailand by integrating economic, social and environmental objectives in community development for sustainability. This research is carried out through funding of a royal project and is based on mixed research methodology incorporating both qualitative and quantitative data analysis techniques in different stages including, ethnographic delphi future research, in-depth interview and observation. The study evaluates the community development levels standard and indicators for enhancing the community's economic development such as low carbon tourism development through analyzing the available resources and the Royal Project initiatives through education, meeting and discussion. The result shows its impact on four dimensions of development as 1. environmentally friendly agriculture; 2. forest restoration and conservation; 3. community health management; and 4. community strength to support change, to develop into sustainable low carbon highland communities. The results of this research can be used as a guideline for a sustainable low-carbon community development and also to evaluate criteria, indicators, as well as developmental steps for preparing and evaluating community development levels for certification of community development standards into low-carbon sustainable areas. © 2020, The Author(s). Social distancing laws during the first year of the pandemic, and its unprecedented changes to the National Health Service (NHS) forced a large majority of services, especially mental health teams to deliver patient care remotely. For many, this approach was adopted out of necessity, rather than choice, thus presenting a true testing ground' for remote healthcare and a robust evaluation on a national and representative level. Objective To extract and analyse mental health specific data from a national dataset for 1 year (March 2020-March 2021). Design A mixed-methods study using surveys and interviews. Setting In NHS mental health services in Wales, UK. Participants With NHS patients and clinicians across child and adolescent, adult and older adult mental health services. Outcome measures Mixed methods data captured measures on use, value, benefits and challenges of video consulting (VC). Results A total of 3561 participants provided mental health specific data. These data and its findings demonstrate that remote mental health service delivery, via the method of VC is highly satisfactory, well-accepted and clinically suitable for many patients, and provides a range of benefits to NHS patients and clinicians. Interestingly, clinicians working from home' rated VC more positively compared with those at their clinical base'. Conclusions Post 1-year adoption, remote mental health services in Wales UK have demonstrated that VC is possible from both a technical and behavioural standpoint. Moving forward, we suggest clinical leaders and government support to sustain this approach by default' as an option for NHS appointments.  © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. One of the challenges of heritage cities is sustainably balancing mass tourism and the daily life of its residents. Urban policies can modulate the impact of tourism through regulations focusing on areas with outstanding visitor pressure, which must consequently be delimited accurately and objectively. Within a traditionally data-scarce discipline, urban practitioners can currently employ a wide range of tracking technologies, but because of their limitations can also greatly benefit from new sources of data from social media. Using Barcelona as a testbed, a methodology is presented to identify and visualize hot spots of visitor activity using more than a million public geotagged images collected from the Flickr photo-sharing community. Multiple complementary visualization ap-proaches are discussed that are suitable for different scales of analysis, from global to sub-block resolution. The presented methodology is firmly grounded in a well-established spatial statistics framework, adapted to a “big data” environment, to extract knowledge from social media. It is de-signed to generalize to other urban settings, providing substantial advantages over other surveying methods in terms of cost-efficiency, scalability, and accuracy, while capturing the behavior of a larger number of participants and covering more extensive areas or temporal spans. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. The tourism industry has been gravely affected by the COVID‐19 pandemic. In this context, the purpose of this study was to explore residents’ support for sustainable tourism development in an integrative model that considered well‐established factors and the impact of the COVID‐ 19 pandemic. Addressing various research gaps caused by the pandemic, this study aimed to examine a model based on eight hypotheses. Using the premises of a cross‐sectional study, data was gathered from residents from Sibiu. Data analysis implied various steps to provide an accurate understanding of the hypotheses and the model was developed based on structural equation modeling. Considering the results of hypothesis testing, our study reconfirmed the applicability of social exchange theory in describing residents’ attitudes toward tourism development and positioned quality of life as an important predictor for this construct. Also, the outcomes highlighted a negative relationship between the host community’s perceptions of the coronavirus pandemic and their sub-sequent support for sustainable tourism development. Overall, the results focused on offering contributions for a better understanding of residents’ behavior and the influence of the COVID‐19 out-break on their support for sustainable tourism development. The conceptual and practical ramifications of the study were addressed in the article’s conclusion. © 2021 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Purpose: To respond to the environmental demands of consumers, more and more hotels are increasingly striving to implement sustainable practices to satisfy the requests of environmentally conscious consumers. This paper aims to propose and test the relationship between these “green” initiatives and functional value as perceived by tourists, guest satisfaction and intentions to revisit the hotel and to spread positive word-of-mouth (WOM). Design/methodology/approach: A sample of 378 guests who stayed in a three- and four-star hotel was used. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the proposed relationships. Confirmatory factor analysis and structural equational modeling were used to test the proposed model. Findings: The results of the data analysis indicated that the impact of “green” practices on perceived value, satisfaction, intention to revisit and WOM. In addition, the positive effects of functional value on guest satisfaction and WOM are also confirmed. Practical implications: Customers' revisit intention is not only created when hotels implement “green” practices, but also when the degree of customer satisfaction with the hotel increases. In this sense, managers are encouraged to pay more attention to environmental initiatives as an essential tool to increase the level of guests' satisfaction. Originality/value: The study yields several implications that can be helpful for managers while devising green marketing strategies for the hotel sector. The results show that guests tend to develop greater levels of loyalty to a specific hotel when they are satisfied with the services offered by the hotel. In this sense, the environmental measures implemented by companies are a key strategic tool, given their essential role in the construction of perceived value, guest satisfaction as well as WOM and revisit intention. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited. Intelligent data analysis can use statistics, big data and other data analysis tools to discover the internal connections between transactions from the data. Use the relevant principles of intelligent data analysis to quantitatively study the relationship between Guangzhou's total import and export value, foreign direct investment and industrial development. Quantitative research shows that foreign direct investment is of great has a significance to the improvement of Guangzhou's industrial competitiveness, especially the development of the tertiary industry. Although the impact of import and export on Guangzhou's industrial competitiveness is not as significant as foreign direct investment, the impact must not be ignored. On the basis of quantitative research results, it is proposed that Guangzhou should continue to make breakthroughs in optimizing the foreign investment environment, vigorously developing the producer service industry, and increasing the opening up of high-end manufacturing industries to promote the formation of a new pattern of comprehensive opening up. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. With the development of the “Hallyu” (Korean Wave) and people’s deep understanding of South Korea, the phenomenon of “Hallyu” idols driving tourism has become very common. Tourists, especially fans are no longer satisfied with the traditional tourist attractions with special symbolic meanings when visiting South Korea, but instead focus on common places associated with idols. For example, restaurants, cafes, bookstores, parks and convenience stores that have appeared in an idol’s social network accounts. With the application of the theory of attachment and sense of place in the tourism field, this study will start from the celebrity attachment, to exploring the specific processes and mechanisms by which idols affect the behavioral intentions of the fans. The associations between visitors and idol‐related places based on celebrity attachments has also become possible, and the fans/tourists’ opinions and attitudes toward idol‐related places will also change due to this emotional attachment. Relevant data were collected in the form of online questionnaires, and 440 valid responses were finalized for data analysis. Through data analysis, all the hypotheses proposed in this paper are supported, and there are significant relationships and positive influences among the variables. Data analysis results show that idol attachment can positively influence the four cognitive dimensions of sense of place (place identity, place dependence, social bonding and atmosphere). The various dimensions of sense of place can promote the generation of place attachment. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Ever since UNESCO discussed the impact of revitalization on the urban environment and its heritage value, a new niche of urban heritage tourism has emerged. This niche of tourism was once a successful phenomenon before it reached a point where overtourism eventually produces volatility issues. The literature review has shown that research on the effect of overtourism on informal economies is inadequate. Many academics seem mostly interested in focusing on the economic aspects and the inhabitants, without addressing whether they are engaging in formal or informal sectors. Therefore, studies of overtourism on the informal sector in urban heritage areas are essential to bridge the knowledge gap. This article will identify the impact of overtourism on informal sectors' livelihoods in the urban heritage area using the Sustainable Livelihoods Framework, with minor adjustments within the urban heritage context, as the primary tool to carefully understand the phenomenon and suggest a more suitable framework for this specific study. A qualitative data analysis software is used to conduct the necessary processes in this article. Informal markets and disadvantaged communities are seen to find ways to develop and merge the resources they already have innovatively to ensure their well-being. A modified framework to discuss the context of urban heritage is being developed by evaluating the informal sectors of urban heritage from the viewpoint of the Sustainable Livelihoods Approach during the overtourism phenomenon. The proposed framework may potentially be used to address other issues relating to urban livelihoods in different contexts. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. Objective: Non-invasive Remote Ischemic Conditioning (RIC) offers an approach to reduce tissue damage in various organs/tissues. Besides attenuation of Ischemia-Reperfusion injury (I/R), beneficial effects on cutaneous microcirculation of free microsurgical flaps have been reported. Given the recency of this technique, there are considerable gaps in the current understanding of its mechanism of action. As a result, clinical transfer of RIC is prolongated in several fields. We aimed to optimize the RIC protocol by examination of different RIC-cycle numbers and its effect on changes of cutaneous microcirculation and duration. Methods: 80 subjects were divided into groups (1, 3, 5, 7 RIC cycles). RIC was applied via an inflatable tourniquet. Cutaneous microcirculation was continuously assessed at the contralateral anterior lateral thigh utilizing a ©O2C-device continuously. Results: RIC caused significant and sustained changes in microcirculation. Four hours after completion of RIC, a maximum increase of +80.8% (CI 1.395–2.221) in blood flow and +23.5% (CI 1.098–1.372) in tissue oxygen saturation was measured (three-cycle group). A higher number of applied cycles was accompanied with significant higher mean pain. Conclusion: Acute improvement of cutaneous microcirculation due to RIC lasted for at least 4 h after completion of the RIC-protocol. Dose-dependent effects of RIC are likely. With regard to the increase in pain, we recommend a RIC protocol of 3 cycles for future clinical application. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd The global COVID-19 health pandemic has shaken the most stable political systems, and left deep economic scars across industries. With global and national travel at a standstill, the tourism industry is among the most heavily hit. The gradual lifting of restrictions has already fuelled tourism demand, and previous hopes of rebuilding and transforming tourism more sustainably are vanishing. To ensure that pre-COVID-19 situations of unsustainable development do not resurface, it is of critical importance to go beyond economically driven crisis recovery. Instead, governments need to reconsider pre-crisis challenges, such as imbalances between tourists and residents, infrastructure shortages, and questions around the efficiency of regulations and policies. In New Zealand, issues related to freedom camping have fuelled these debates, with headlines relating to tourists defecating in public space, dropping garbage, and being ‘freeloaders’with little economic value. Adopting a multiple stakeholder approach, this research note empirically explores stakeholder perceptions of challenges associated with freedom camping in the context of New Zealand. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with 20 stakeholders represent-ing host communities, local councils, national agencies, tourism businesses, and regional tourism organisations. Qualitative data analysis reveals positive changes and reduced impacts as results of additional infrastructure funding, educational measures, and locally enforced bylaws. However, participants also noted the need for a national framework, and clear statements and messages regarding domestic demand. Considering that nature-based experiences that allow for social distancing, such as (freedom) camping, have grown significantly during the pandemic and that domestic tourists will be crucial to post-COVID tourism recovery, this original multiple stakeholder approach delivers policy-relevant insights and provides avenues for future research with regard to a responsible and sustainable tourism restart. © 2021 The Author. The outbreak of COVID-19 around the world has caused great damage to the global economy. The tourism industry is among the worst-hit industries. How to focus on visitors who are most helpful to the tourism industry and develop sustainable strategy of operation is a very important question for after the epidemic is over. This study applied two-stage data envelopment analysis (DEA) and principal component analysis (PCA) to investigate past statistics from the Tourism Bureau and explore the shopping patterns of tourists who travel to Taiwan. The focus will be on tourists from major countries such as China, Japan, and Southeast Asian countries. According to the analysis of tourists from different countries, the money spent by tourists from different countries is concentrated on different items, and there are subitems that they particularly like to purchase. For the analysis of the purpose of coming to Taiwan, some tourism areas worth developing (such as medical treatment and leisure) are also presented in the research results. Based on these results, and according to the sustainable development goals, specific recommendations for the sustainability strategy of operation are made as a reference for the government and relevant industries. This research also broadens the scope of application of DEA and points out a different direction for future research. Copyright: © 2021 Ming-Chi Tsai. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited. To date, tourism is the fastest growing industry globally, but one of the least developed in terms of environmentally sustainable practices. However, only a small portion of documents elaborate on how the introduction of new technologies can impact a more sustainable development route for tourism. This study’s objective is to provide an overview on literature state‐of‐the‐art related to sustainable tourism and technological innovations, offering insights for further advancing this domain. We employ a bibliometric analysis and a comprehensive review of 139 articles, collected from Web of Science and Scopus databases, for the purpose of: (i) exploring and discussing the most relevant contributions in the publication network: (ii) highlighting key issues and emerging topics; (iii) uncovering open questions for the future. Our findings reveal contradictory views on the risks and benefits of technology adoption. Artificial intelligence, internet of things, circular economy, big data, augmented and virtual reality emerge as major trends. Five work streams are identified and described, leading to a broader perspective on how technology can shape the future of sustainable tourism. Relevant theoretical and managerial implications are derived. Finally, a research agenda is proposed as guidance for future studies addressing the outcomes of digital disruption on sustainable tourism. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. The paper describes research activities of monitoring, modeling, and planning of people mobility in Rome during the Covid-19 epidemic period from March to June 2020. The results of data collection for different transport modes (walking, bicycle, car, and transit) are presented and analyzed. A specific focus is provided for the subway mass transit, where 1 m interpersonal distancing is required to prevent the risks for Covid-19 contagion together with the use of masks and gloves. A transport system model has been calibrated on the data collected during the lockdown period –when people's behavior significantly changed because of smart-working adoption and contagion fear– and was applied to predict future mobility scenarios under different assumptions on economic activities restarting. Based on the estimations of passenger loading, a timing policy that differentiates the opening hours of the shops depending on their commercial category was implemented, and an additional bus transit service was introduced to avoid incompatible loads of the subway lines with the required interpersonal distancing. © 2021 The development of rural areas is a significant component in social and economic activities. It is very important for optimizing the allocation of rural production and living factors, promoting the integration of urban and rural areas and sustainable development to identify the characteristics and main types of regional rural development. In this paper, 169 villages in Jingyuan County were selected as the research object, and the evaluation index system of rural development level was constructed from the perspective of “Factor-structure-function”. The rural development level and spatial structure characteristics of Jingyuan County were analyzed by using rural development index, regional function index, nearest neighbor index, and exploratory spatial data analysis, and the types and specific paths of rural development were determined. The results showed the following: Rural development of Jingyuan County is at a low level, which is characterized by “high in the south and low in the north”. The level of rural development shows significant spatial dependence in the global space, and the spatial agglomeration characteristics are obvious, which are manifested as strong agglomeration dominated by resource endowment and cultural function and weak agglomeration dominated by production function and location relationship. The local space is characterized by stable high value and high value (H-H), low value and low value (L-L) bidirectional agglomeration. According to the spatial characteristics of the rural development level, the “4 + 10 + 6 + 2” system of rural development type identification in Jingyuan County was constructed, and finally it was determined that policy leading and characteristic protection are the dominant types of rural development. Based on this, this paper put forward specific paths and development models of different types of rural development in Jingyuan County from seven dimensions: industry, population, land, tourism, space, culture and ecology, so as to provide ideas and references for the integration of urban and rural areas, the implementation of rural revitalization strategy, and sustainable development in the western poverty-stricken areas. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Land is the basis for human survival and development. The increase in population and urbanization will lead to an increase in the contradiction between ecological and economic interests. At present, the large-scale development of land has brought different degrees of ecological problems to each region of the country. It not only destroys the safety and stability of the land ecosystem, but also affects the sustainable development of the economy and society. In the research of land ecology, the main focus is on ecological problems, and there is insufficient research on the structure and function of land ecology. This paper uses SPSS, Fragstats, GIS software calculations, and data processing to analyze the spatial distribution of different land ecosystems under different ecosystem types and conduct evaluations to comprehensively improve the ecological quality of the land. With the development of information technology, machine translation and computer-assisted English translation technology are increasingly appearing in people's lives. Translation software and machine translation tools are used for daily foreign product translation needs and overseas travel. Based on national conditions, explore China’s development advantages in artificial intelligence and machine translation industries, and study ways to improve machine translation in the era of big data. In translation practice, English translation based on the combination of computer-aided translation and human translation has made great progress in recent years, which not only improves the speed and accuracy of translation, but also provides a more solid foundation for the long-term and healthy development of the translation industry in the future. © 2021, Saudi Society for Geosciences. The present context of COVID19 pandemics has highlighted the vulnerability of tourism. Sustainable tourism needs to be thoroughly implemented to confront this and other crises; and sustainable tourism pedagogies must accompany the process, especially in terms of students' professional skills essential for overcoming crisis situations. This paper seeks to evaluate the Degrees of Tourism in Spain from the perspective of both students and teachers in order to show to what extent they consider students to be sufficiently qualified so as to address the challenges required in the tourism sector to deal with this and other crises. To answer this question, we have turned to Sustainable Tourism Pedagogy (STP), a framework for the critical analysis of tourism studies based on six areas of literacy that this article will use for empirical analysis. The STP core literacies have been evaluated in a statistically validated questionnaire addressed to 393 respondents and data analysis has been performed with analytical descriptive techniques. The results show: i) that Tourism Degrees do not meet the needs of today's students, especially because of a major lack of sustainability issues, ii) significant gaps between the perception of teachers and students, iii) that there are calls for a more sustainable tourism pedagogy in Higher Education. This paper concludes by highlighting the urgent need to revise official national programmes. © 2021 The Author(s) In China's national economic system, the agricultural economy is an important component. Regardless of the development model, development direction and scale of the agricultural economy, it will have an important impact on the development and progress of the national economy. As the country attaches great importance to agricultural development, the reform of agricultural development is gradually being deepened. The application of big data can effectively analyze the agricultural economy and rural tourism market information, which is conducive to promoting the coordinated development of the two. At the same time, China has put forward a strategy of "village revitalization", which brings new development opportunities for agricultural economy and rural tourism. Based on this, this article first analyzes the connotation and characteristics of big data, then introduces the development of agricultural economy and rural tourism under big data, and finally discusses the strategy of combining the two to improve the overall quality of rural economic development. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Penglipuran tourism village is internationally recognized as one of the cleanest villages in the world. This study aims to determine the effect of tourist attractions on tourist visiting interests. The research method used is descriptive quantitative. Primary data collection using a questionnaire. The data analysis technique used is the simple linear regression analysis. The results of data processing showed a positive influence between the development of tourist attractions with their interest in visiting by 73,3%. This means that if attractions are developed, the interest in visiting will increase. Suggestions for the managers to come up with new attraction ideas by utilizing the local wisdom of Penglipuran villagers. © 2021 Institute of Physics Publishing. All rights reserved. With the rapid development of artificial intelligence in the current era of big data, the construction of translation corpus has become a key factor in effectively achieving a highly intelligent translation. In the era of big data, the data sources and data types of translation corpus are becoming more and more diversified, which will inevitably bring about a new revolution in the construction of translation corpus. The construction of the translation corpus in the era of big data can fully rely on third-party open source data, crowd-sourcing translation, machine closed-loop, human-machine collaboration and other multiple modes to comprehensively improve the quality of translation corpus construction to better serve translation practice. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. With the improvement of people's living standards and quickened pace of life, they tend to enjoy the rural style tourism. Rural tourism is growing fast in the new era. The building of beautiful countryside has already become a major driving force in boosting rural tourism. Located in the northen part of the scenic spot of the West Lake, Qingzhiwu was built in the Jin Dynasty. As one of the first demonstration villages for leisure tourism in Zhejiang Province, the emerging B&B industry has brought considerable profits to Qingzhiwu. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Transformational leadership as one kind of management field increasingly affects the performance of an organization. The paper aims to explore the link between transformational leadership and team performance through big data approach, and examine whether the transformational leadership can be adopted appropriately in Chinese labor intensive enterprise' management practice. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. A systematic literature review was conducted to explore the relation between key players of the demand for sport and the environmental sustainability, within the 2013–2019 timeframe. Data were collected from four scientific databases and scrutinized by the PRISMA protocol. Quantitative systematic literature review and content analysis, supported by Nvivo 11 and EndNote X7 software, were the methodologies used for data analysis. The results provided by the 142 selected studies highlighted tourism and recreation as the most scrutinized areas by recent research on this relationship. Compared to spectators and local residents, the nature-based sport practitioners were the furthest analysed type of sport consumers. The most pursued research objective relates to the behavioural driving factors. Among the environmental action's encouraging causes, psychological factors were emphasized. Promoting the sport consumer's environmental education, along with the improvement of the environmental communication developed by the organizations integrating the sport offer, were the greatest management recommendations to induce ecological behavioural change. Future studies should focus on deepening the knowledge on the spectators' and local residents' relation with environmental sustainability, namely through the comparison of practitioners and non-practitioners, so that sport can assert itself more effectively in the implementation of environmental sustainability. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd The analysis of enterprise economic operation is mainly to collect, integrate, analyze and store information on the economic activities of the enterprise, so as to realize the standardization and management of the overall economic activities of the enterprise. In the era of big data, the analysis of corporate economic operations has also changed. In short, the big data environment has changed the corporate economic analysis and management mechanism, and has changed the collection of corporate operating economic data. It also has multiple impacts on data analysis and changed the overall structure of corporate economic analysis. This article will briefly discuss the challenges and countermeasures facing enterprise economic operation analysis in the era of big data, hoping to provide a reference for enterprise economic management. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. The novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 was first detected in China in December 2019 and has rapidly spread around the globe. The World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic in March 2020 just three months after the introduction of the virus. Individual nations have implemented and enforced a variety of social distancing interventions to slow the virus spread, that had different degrees of success. Understanding the role of non-pharmaceutical interventions (NPIs) on COVID-19 transmission in different settings is highly important. While most such studies have focused on China, neighboring Asian counties, Western Europe, and North America, there is a scarcity of studies for Eastern Europe. The aim of this epidemiological study is to fill this gap by analyzing the characteristics of the first months of the epidemic in Ukraine using agent-based modelling and phylodynamics. Specifically, first we studied the dynamics of COVID-19 incidence and mortality and explored the impact of epidemic NPIs. Our stochastic model suggests, that even a small delay of weeks could have increased the number of cases by up to 50%, with the potential to overwhelm hospital systems. Second, the genomic data analysis suggests that there have been multiple introductions of SARS-CoV-2 into Ukraine during the early stages of the epidemic. Our findings support the conclusion that the implemented travel restrictions may have had limited impact on the epidemic spread. Third, the basic reproduction number for the epidemic that has been estimated independently from case counts data and from genomic data suggest sustained intra-country transmissions. © 2021 The Authors This systematic review adopts a formal and structured approach to review the intersection of data science and smart tourism destinations in terms of components found in previous research. The study period corresponds to 1995–2021 focusing the analysis mainly on the last years (2015–2021), identifying and characterizing the current trends on this research topic. The review comprises documentary research based on bibliometric and conceptual analysis, using the VOSviewer and SciMAT software to analyze articles from the Web of Science database. There is growing interest in this research topic, with more than 300 articles published annually. Data science technologies on which current smart destinations research is based include big data, smart data, data analytics, social media, cloud computing, the internet of things (IoT), smart card data, geographic information system (GIS) technologies, open data, artificial intelligence, and machine learning. Critical research areas for data science techniques and technologies in smart destinations are public tourism marketing, mobility-accessibility, and sustainability. Data analysis techniques and technologies face unprecedented challenges and opportunities post-coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19) to build on the huge amount of data and a new tourism model that is more sustainable, smarter, and safer than those previously implemented. © Copyright © 2021 Aguirre Montero and López-Sánchez. The development of strategic areas that are taking place in several cities and districts in Indonesia is one of the solutions to the problem-solving approach instructed by the central government to develop the economy. However, along with the development of physical development and infrastructure in this strategic area, environmental problems began to emerge, especially solid waste. Increased community activity is one of the triggers for this increasing environmental problem. This research is a literature study that will answer the problem, what digital tools (applications / software) in a dynamic spatial model can support the final performance and what outputs can be obtained in its use. The method used is a qualitative method, research data is obtained from secondary data, several journals or articles that reveal about solid waste management. Data analysis was performed using descriptive analytical techniques. The mapping software application will simulate the determination of the location of waste collectors, visual representation of transportation routes, and optimization of transportation issues in order to provide economic and environmental benefits by reducing travel time, distance, fuel consumption, and pollutant emissions. The dynamic spatial model shows that the ArcGIS simulation results can be used as a strong basis for measuring the overall optimal route in solid waste management and dealing with dynamic changes in the future. Incorporating planning details on paper with real-world boundaries allows for realistic comparisons, for the application of sustainable environmental planning. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Urban green and open space are important components of achieving the goal of planning sustainable cities, by offering health benefits to urban dwellers and providing socio-economic and environmental benefits to society. Recent literature studied the usage of urban parks, however, few has addressed seasonal fluctuations of park visitor volume, let alone seasonal variations of home-park travel distances and park service areas. This paper not only empirically shows the seasonal variations of park visits but also examines links between the park visit patterns and spatial characteristics of the case parks. Applying spatial analysis methods to location data of over 1 million anonymous mobile phone samples collected from January to December 2011, we analyzed the seasonal variations in six medium-sized urban parks, of which size falls under the category of ‘district parks,’ in central Tokyo. We also conducted content analysis of a Japanese place review website to understand visitor perceptions of the case parks. On the other hand, park spatial characteristics data were collected and summarized through various ways including field observation and satellite image analysis. The results show that (1) while notable seasonal variations of park visitor volume and park service area existed in all case parks, the degree of variation also differed from park to park; (2) spatial characteristics of parks were closely interlinked to seasonal cultural events, to visitor perceptions, and consequently to seasonal fluctuations of the park visit patterns. Lessons learned from the policy perspective include highly diverse user groups visit these medium-sized urban parks than what the typical guidelines assume, and seasonal patterns of their visits considerably vary from park to park, interacting with spatial characteristics of the parks. Hence, the urban park planning process should consider specific and detailed characteristics of parks and allocate resources to respond to dynamic park visit patterns beyond generic guidelines. © 2021 Elsevier GmbH As travel activity has gained attention as one of the essential ways of understanding the sustainable growth of social tourism, a growing number of research projects have been conducted to elucidate the relationship between residents’ travel quantity (frequency) and quality (experience) in both macro and micro perspectives. Yet, very little research has highlighted that travel opportunities are not equally available to residents, especially a longitudinal perspective. The current study classified domestic travelers into four distinct classes using four years of longitudinal data from 5054 Korean residents. Latent growth curve modeling (LGCM) and growth mixture modeling (GMM) were employed to find out (1) the optimal number of classes, (2) the longitudinal travel frequency trajectory of each class, and (3) the distinctive demographic and travel characteristics of the four classes. This study provides some practical implications for policymakers when optimizing available resources for sustainable travel opportunities to relevant target sub-populations. Furthermore, detailed step-by-step analytic tutorials are also introduced for the extended application of longitudinal latent variable analysis in the tourism and hospitality fields, providing additional insights for relevant stakeholders. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. It is an era of big data nowadays. Processing, analyzing and working with data are new opportunities and challenges. This article mainly studies the development and application of employment information management platform of colleges and universities under the background of big data. As the number of graduates increases year by year, the employment situation is becoming more and more severe. The employment information management platform is playing an increasingly important role as an information exchange platform for colleges and universities to learn about the employment situation of students, and for employers to release recruitment information and for students' job hunting. The employment information management platform makes full use of big data for analysis, which can well control the employment; at the same time, the school grasps the changing trend of society's needs for talents through analysis, and the employment situation of graduates will be used as the main basis to revise talent training plans, formulate enrollment plans, and carry out feasibility study for adding new majors. The big data platform provides a basis for decision-making of colleges and universities and is of great significance to the development of school. Therefore, it is extremely urgent to build an efficient and convenient employment information management platform to meet the needs of colleges and universities, employers and students. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. With the further advent of the era of big data, the scale of social media data containing geolocation information is exploding, providing a new source of big data information and perspective for an in-depth study of the changing spatio-temporal and geographical characteristics of the current tourist population. This paper extracts data on popular attractions in the Tibet Autonomous Region using the HDBSCAN algorithm combined with the TF-IDF algorithm based on information on images with geotags shared by users in the Flickr image sharing site from 2005-2018. Social network analysis was used to explore the changes in the spatial and temporal characteristics of inbound tourism flows in Tibet. The results show that: (1) in terms of temporal characteristics, the number of inbound tourists shows obvious off-peak seasons, with relatively high sensitivity to the influence of economic, policy and infrastructure construction factors; (2) in terms of spatial distribution characteristics, the inbound tourism flow in Tibet shows an "axis-scattered"distribution. The core area is centred on Lhasa and extends in three directions: west, north and east along important roads. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Reclamation of post coal mining area in Kandih, Sawahlunto Regency needs to be conducted with concern for environmental sustainability and local economic growth. This study was aimed at determining the economic valuation use and non-use of the reclamation of the post coal mining area in Kandih with the approach of willingness to pay (WTP). The research was conducted in the concession land area of post coal mining in Kandih, West Sumatera. Primary data were collected by dialog tourism, the mining company, and regional government office. The study sample consisted of tourists, community and business actors. Data analysis methods used include Travel Cost Method, Contingent Value Method with Willingness to pay approach. The assessment of WTP used open-end questionnaire. The results show that the value of Reclamation of post coal mining area in Kandih, Sawahlunto Regency identified four variables consisting of the economic value of tourism activity, the economic value of the products and services and economic value of conservation, economic value of satisfaction to tourist area. Valuation of economic value of use and non-use of of the reclamation of the post coal mining area in Kandih, Sawahlunto Regency is Rp 6.911.318.865,00,-. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. Analyzing the impact of El Nilo Southern Oscillation (ENSO) on the number of tourists is essential in realizing the sustainable development of natural scenic spots. From the current research results, research on the effects of ENSO on tourism focuses on the impact of the formation of the natural environment. However, there is a lack of ENSO-related research on the number of people arriving at natural attractions. This paper considers the adjustment effects of personal disposable income, per capita GDP, and population size and constructs a new framework of ENSO’s influence on tourism. This paper builds a system GMM (Gaussian Mixture Model) and analyzes the impact of ENSO on tourist flow by using Google Trend data (big data technology) to obtain annual passenger flow data of 48 natural scenic spots in the United States (mainly national parks and national forests). The empirical results show that the increase in ENSO has led to a significant decrease in visitors to natural attractions in the United States. Moreover, the increase in personal disposable income, per capita GDP, and population size can weaken the relationship between ENSO and the number of tourists. This research expands and enriches the theoretical perspective of ENSO and outdoor tourism. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. In the context of the continuous development of Internet technology, big data, Internet of things, cloud computing and other technologies have developed rapidly, and artificial intelligence technology has emerged as the times require. The development of new technologies has promoted social change. As soon as artificial intelligence technology is put forward, it has been widely concerned by the society. Artificial intelligence is like a double-edged sword. As an emerging technology, it is constantly influencing all walks of life, and its application in the field of audit has become the general trend. Under the Background of the rise of artificial intelligence, this paper puts forward the advantages of the combination of artificial intelligence and audit, and analyzes the challenges faced by the development of CPA audit industry, seize the opportunity of the times, actively apply artificial intelligence technology, give practical suggestions for the long-term development of the audit industry, in order to improve the audit efficiency and ensure the audit effect. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2021. Purpose - The impact of tourism is an ongoing research interest among scholars as it is directly related to the tourism development process. Residents' perceptions of tourism impacts can indicate development guidelines if planners pay attention to them. Design - We examine residents' perceptions of tourism impacts and their support for sustainable tourism development in two similar tourism destinations, Portorož and Opatija, based on their similarity, closeness, and connectedness through time to the present. Approach - There is an urgent need for a strategic development change for both destinations, which are coping with typical negative impacts of tourism, including seasonality, noise and, overcrowding. Methodology - Four hundred and forty-six residents surveyed indicated that tourism development is an important issue. Two databases were combined in order to conduct inference data analysis using SPSS 21 statistical software. Depending on the type of variables, t-test and ANOVA were used for the analysis in addition to the descriptive statistics. Findings - Residents point out a clear and strong message for the importance of their inclusion and active involvement in the decision-making processes of sustainable tourism development. Furthermore, our results revealed higher criticism of tourism impacts among those personally involved in tourism (employed or economically dependent on tourism) and among Portorož locals. Originality - We provide theoretical and practical implications of the research, especially suitable for planners of the destination development, who should be cautious about residents' reaction to tourism at the destination. © Creative Commons Attribution - Non Commercial - Share Alike 4.0 International In the era of the digital countryside, rural tourism has been innovated and developed with the help of intelligent technologies such as Internet +, artificial intelligence, cloud and big data, and blockchain, which has dramatically improved the employment opportunities of traditional rural women and effectively improved the overall welfare level. This paper adopts fuzzy mathematics comprehensive evaluation method to calculate the general welfare and perception of functional activities of female tourism practitioners. It puts forward suggestions for the sustainable development of rural tourism in the context of the digital countryside. © 2021 IEEE. Tourism flows to large cities have increased drastically in the past few years. The Alfama neighbourhood in Lisbon (Portugal) is facing major changes with respect to land uses, demographic features and social appropriation patterns in public spaces, caused by the intensification of tourism. The consequences of new emerging economic and symbolic values have rapidly given rise to a scenario of touristification and gentrification in the neighbourhood. In order to address such complexities, sustainable urban planning can benefit from real-time data sources that can represent the tourism flows in spatial and temporal perspectives. The research question allows Twitter to be used as an emerging data source and for analysing spatial patterns and content, based on two sample groups: residents and tourists, and their interpretations about the use of space for leisure activities. The research method is based on an analysis of two years of geotagged tweets in the city of Lisbon, differentiating between tourist and resident users, and, in a subsequent step, in the Alfama neighbourhood. The spatial distribution analysis and the content analysis have revealed not only spatio-temporal activity patterns but also emotional responses to new trends in urban tourism uses, consumption and perception of an increasing tourism pressure in Alfama. The results are relevant in the field of tourism and sustainable urban planning. © 2021 Instituto Universitario de Investigaciones Turisticas. All rights reserved. In the development of smart cities, there is a great emphasis on setting up so-called Smart City Control Rooms, SCCR. This paper presents Snap4City as a big data smart city platform to support the city decision makers by means of SCCR dashboards and tools reporting in real time the status of several of a city’s aspects. The solution has been adopted in European cities such as Antwerp, Florence, Lonato del Garda, Pisa, Santiago, etc., and it is capable of covering extended geographical areas around the cities themselves: Belgium, Finland, Tuscany, Sardinia, etc. In this paper, a major use case is analyzed describing the workflow followed, the methodologies adopted and the SCCR as the starting point to reproduce the same results in other smart cities, industries, research centers, etc. A Living Lab working modality is promoted and organized to enhance the collaboration among municipalities and public administration, stakeholders, research centers and the citizens themselves. The Snap4City platform has been realized respecting the European Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and it is capable of processing every day a multitude of periodic and real-time data coming from different providers and data sources. It is therefore able to semantically aggregate the data, in compliance with the Km4City multi-ontology and manage data: (i) having different access policies; and (ii) coming from traditional sources such as Open Data Portals, Web services, APIs and IoT/IoE networks. The aggregated data are the starting point for the services offered not only to the citizens but also to the public administrations and public-security service managers, enabling them to view a set of city dashboards ad hoc composed on their needs, for example, enabling them to modify and monitor public transportation strategies, offering the public services actually needed by citizens and tourists, monitor the air quality and traffic status to establish, if impose or not, traffic restrictions, etc. All the data and the new knowledge produced by the data analytics of the Snap4City platform can also be accessed, observing the permissions on each kind of data, thanks to the presence of an APIs complex system. © 2021, The Author(s). The proceedings contain 110 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Sustainable Urban Mobility. The topics include: Covid-19 Transport Analytics: Analysis of Rome Mobility During Coronavirus Pandemic Era; digitalization in Freight Transport Services: Balkan Area; benchmarking Analysis of Road Safety Levels for an Extensive and Representative Dataset of European Cities; a Cloud-Based Big Data Architecture for an Intelligent Green Truck; connecting Cruise Lines with Local Supply Chains for Enhancing Customer Experience: A Platform Application in Greece; investigating the Prospect of Adopting Artificial Intelligence Techniques from Transport Operators in Greece; clustering of Urban Road Paths; Identifying the Optimal Set of Linear and Nonlinear Clustering Features; exploring the Big Data Usage in Transport Modelling; future Scenarios for Mobility Innovations and Their Impacts in Cities and Transport Models; cataloging and Assessing City-scale Mobility Data; community Participation Towards Sustainability Enhancement of Transportation Sector for Baghdad City; integrating Modelling in Urban Policy Cycle and Decision Making; impact of Congestion Pricing Policies in Round-Trip and Free-Floating Carsharing Systems; spatiotemporal Diversifications of Urban Activities and Travels in Egaleo Municipality, Attica Region; travellers’ Propensity to Cycle: The Case of Dublin and Athens; the Role of Transport in Urban Planning in Greece: How to Integrate Sustainable Mobility Planning in Local Spatial Planning?; a Vision for Urban Micromobility: From Current Streetscape to City of the Future; Deep Bidirectional and Unidirectional LSTM Neural Networks in Traffic Flow Forecasting from Environmental Factors; accelerating the Deployment of Electric Light Vehicles for Sustainable Urban Mobility: A Harmonized Pilot Demonstration Methodology. Purpose: Little is known about how tourists’ eating habits change between everyday life and holidays. This study aims to identify market segments based on changes in food consumption and experiences of a sun-and-sea destination’s local food. The authors evaluate to what extent tourists consume local food and assess the contribution of local food experiences to the tourists’ overall experience. Design/methodology/approach: The target population was all tourists visiting the Algarve in the Summer 2018 and included both domestic and international sun-and-sea tourists. A sample of 378 valid questionnaires was collected. Data analysis included descriptive analysis, statistical tests and cluster analysis. Findings: Cluster analysis identified three segments: non-foodies, selective foodies and local gastronomy foodies. Results indicate that tourists change their eating habits during holidays, eating significantly more seafood and fish and less legumes, meat, fast food and cereals and their derivatives. International and domestic sun-and-sea tourists reported that eating local food contributes significantly to their overall tourism experience. Practical implications: Sun-and-sea destinations should promote the offer of local dishes, especially those that include locally produced fish and seafood, to improve the tourist experience, differentiate the destination and increase sustainability. Originality/value: The authors address three identified research gaps: a posteriori segmentation based on tourists’ food consumption behaviour; measurement of changes in eating practices between home and in a sun-and-sea destination; and assessment of the role of food experiences to overall tourism experience of tourists visiting a sun-and-sea destination. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited. The development of mobile Internet, smartphones, and location-based services has enabled ridesourcing, which pools vehicles and drivers to provide on-demand travel services. As an alternative transportation option, ridesourcing has significant impacts on urban travel. However, the unique mobility pattern of ridesourcing and its impact on vehicle electrification have not been well studied. To address this gap, this paper presents a comparative, big-data-driven framework to characterize the ridesourcing mobility pattern, and evaluate the acceptance potential of electric vehicles for ridesourcing in comparison with other types of vehicle use. Multi-temporal resolution ridesourcing trips are extracted from raw GPS trajectories. The patterns of three urban travel (household, ridesourcing, and taxis) are extracted from GPS trajectories in Beijing, and compared. The electrification potentials of these types of travel under different charging levels are then evaluated. The results demonstrate that mobility patterns of household, ridesourcing, and taxi drivers are similar when a single trip is considered but differ significantly when total vehicle travel is considered. We show that potential acceptance of electric vehicles decreases significantly from household to ridesourcing and taxi vehicle use. These findings provide useful insights into of the role vehicle electrification can play in sustainability of urban personal transportation across a range of drivers. © 2020 The Society of Urban Technology. Seasonal variations in tourist satisfaction is an important issue for the sustainable management of national parks worldwide. Visitors should have high-quality experiences in both the high season and the off-season. This research investigated visitor satisfaction patterns and determinants in Banff National Park in different seasons. The study was conducted through a face-to-face questionnaire survey that collected visitor demographic, expectation and satisfaction data in July 2019 (high season) and December 2019 (off-season) in Banff National Park. The data analyses were based on a sample of 741 respondents and were processed using principal component analysis, correlation analysis and logistic regression models for different seasons. There were significant differences in visitor satisfaction levels and their determinants in different seasons. The quality of the park’s natural characteristics and the park’s activities were the most important determinant of visitor satisfaction in the high season and off-season, respectively. The correlation between visitor satisfaction and expectations in the high season was generally negative, whereas all correlations in the off-season were positive. The results fill a knowledge gap by examining the seasonal differences in visitor experience and their determinants in the national park, and by building a bridge between visitor experience and tourism seasonality. The findings may assist both practitioners and scholars in understanding visitor expectations and satisfaction in different seasons. They may assist in the prioritization and effective management of the park to optimize the visitor experience in both seasons and achieve tourism sustainability. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Satisfactory pavement performance will lead to greater savings in travelling time as well as operating costs of vehicles, which affects the overall economic viability of the project and makes it sustainable and durable. This study discusses regarding the most economical method, i.e. California bearing ratio as per IRC for flexible pavement design. Flexible roads have a benefit over concrete roads as these can be strengthened and enhanced at a later stage due to the increase in traffic, furthermore flexible pavement’s surfaces can be recycled and milled for rehabilitation. From the view point of preliminary investments along with maintenance, expenditures spent on concrete pavements are more as compared to flexible one. This whole job includes a case study on SH 11 (Ludhiana to Malerkotla road, Punjab, India) for gathering of information required (traffic data and earthwork leveling data) and its analysis for flexible pavement design and cost estimation procedure for rehabilitating a two-lane road into four-lane road, which is quite useful for highway industry-related civil engineers for sustainable construction. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2021. The explosive growth of New and Emerging Data Forms (NEDF) has enabled profound new insights into human behavior, especially related to mobility. NEDF are facilitated by technologies such as smartphones, sensor networks and distributed computing architectures, which are all becoming increasingly advanced and widespread. NEDF, which may offer large sample sizes of high resolution data, offer great potential for informing sustainable transport policy, as well as the development of crosssectoral policies, covering public-health, environment, land-use, and social equity. However, many challenges in exploiting NEDF exist including accessing data in public/private ownership; understanding the representativeness, measuring/accommodating biases/missing data; and the integration of traditional data with new forms to maximize overall utility. Questions remain on whether NEDF can be used to actively influence travel choice/behavior, the new skills and additional resources needed by stakeholders to realize data potential and the ethical challenges for all engaging with the data. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved Since the Digne Convention in 1991, the literature related to Geoparks has gained a growing interest on the academy’s part, especially in achieving the preservation of geological interest sites through sustainable tourism. This article aims to provide an analysis of the academic research on Geoparks, based on publications in the Scopus database in the period 2002–2020. Bibliometric analysis methods and bibliographic display maps were examined using VOSviewer software. The bibliometric analysis process comprises three phases: (i) Search Criteria and Source Identification, (ii) software and data extraction, and (iii) data analysis and interpretation. The results show ge-oparks in full growth as a scientific discipline, thanks to the contribution of various authors, insti-tutions, journals, and related topics that confirm the importance of this field of study. Additionally, bibliometric maps lead to an understanding of the intellectual structure of the subject, in which keyword co-occurrence analysis shows six main themes, ranging from ‘UNESCO Global Geoparks’ to ‘Geo-tourism-Sustainable Tourism’. this, combined with maps of co-citation, broadly exhibits this structure and development, showing areas of current interest and potential development, thus of-fering the latest knowledge on Geopark research worldwide. There is a growing concentration of research on geomorphological heritage and geo-tourism, focusing on methodologies to evaluate the specialities of this type of heritage and define the concept of geo-tourism; there is a great interest especially in the evaluation and identification of geo-site/geo-morphosites which try to eliminate subjectivity in methods and focus on sustainable development of the localities. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Tourist destinations are increasingly aware that achieving sustainability is a demanding, continuous process, which requires constant monitoring of tourism flows and activities. As such, worldwide public and private organizations and institutions have put significant efforts in the development of monitoring systems, aiming at helping destinations to measure their performance and progress over time. Although, applied to cities or destinations, traditional approaches, as statistical data analysis and surveys, are still privileged sources of information, recent approaches to sustainability have adopted the smart concept, focusing on technologies and integration of multiple data sources. Solutions as big data and open data (e.g., IoT, RFID, and NFC), are extremely relevant in the analysis of Tourism, contributing to decision making. However, in spite of the acknowledge opportunities these data sources represent, and some successful experiences can be identified, most destinations still have not attained the desired level of maturity in this regard. Using a methodology based on literature review, secondary data, and benchmarking of sustainability monitoring systems at European regional level, this paper will identify and analyse sustainable tourism indicators systems and data sources that are at present being used for monitoring tourism in the North of Portugal. Limitations and opportunities for improvement within a sustainability and smart destination strategy will be discussed. © the authors, 2021. All Rights Reserved. In recent years, due to the rapid development of rural tourism, rural tourism has lost its unique rurality, which has led to a certain impact on the sustainable development of rural tourism. Primarily, based on the rural characteristics, the social environment development, population development, and economic development are taken as the research indexes, and the evaluation index system of rural tourism destination is constructed. Afterward, an empirical study on the spatial pattern of rural tourism is carried out with examples, and the model is simulated and analyzed by MATLAB software. Finally, the spatial autocorrelation method is used to analyze the evolution characteristics of the rural tourism spatial pattern. The results show that through the analysis of the evaluation error curve of the Back Propagation Neural Network (BPNN), the evaluation error and the actual error range are within 0.08%, which proves that the BPNN algorithm has good calculation accuracy. The BPNN rural tourism destination rurality evaluation model established here can make an effective evaluation of rural tourism space. The results show that the proportion of employees in the primary industry and the penetration rate of mobile phones are the decisive factors in the adjustment of industrial structure and social environmental factors, respectively. Rural per capita tourism income and the proportion of primary industry output value will also have a certain impact on rural evolution. Certain guiding significance is provided for the sustainable development of rural tourism.  © 2021 Qiang Xu. Bangkok, the capital city of Thailand, is one of the most developed and expansive cities. Due to the ongoing development and expansion of Bangkok, urbanization has continued to expand into adjacent provinces, creating the Bangkok Metropolitan Region (BMR). Continuous monitoring of human mobility in BMR aids in public transport planning and design, and efficient performance assessment. The purpose of this study is to design and develop a process to derive human mobility patterns from the real movement of people who use both fixed-route and non-fixed-route public transport modes, including taxis, vans, and electric rail. Taxi GPS open data were collected by the Intelligent Traffic Information Center Foundation (iTIC) from all GPS-equipped taxis of one opera-tor in BMR. GPS probe data of all operating GPS-equipped vans were collected by the Ministry of Transport’s Department of Land Transport for daily speed and driving behavior monitoring. Fi-nally, the ridership data of all electric rail lines were collected from smartcards by the Automated Fare Collection (AFC). None of the previous works on human mobility extraction from multi-sourced big data have used van data; therefore, it is a challenge to use this data with other sources in the study of human mobility. Each public transport mode has traveling characteristics unique to its passengers and, therefore, specific analytical tools. Firstly, the taxi trip extraction process was developed using Hadoop Hive to process a large quantity of data spanning a one-month period to derive the origin and destination (OD) of each trip. Secondly, for van data, a Java program was used to construct the ODs of van trips. Thirdly, another Java program was used to create the ODs of the electric rail lines. All OD locations of these three modes were aggregated into transportation analysis zones (TAZ). The major taxi trip destinations were found to be international airports and provincial bus terminals. The significant trip destinations of vans were provincial bus terminals in Bangkok, electric rail stations, and the industrial estates in other provinces of BMR. In contrast, electric rail destinations were electric rail line interchange stations, the central business district (CBD), and commercial office areas. Therefore, these significant destinations of taxis and vans should be considered in electric rail planning to reduce the air pollution from gasoline vehicles (taxis and vans). Using the designed procedures, the up-to-date dataset of public transport can be pro-cessed to derive a time series of human mobility as an input into continuous and sustainable public transport planning and performance assessment. Based on the results of the study, the procedures can benefit other cities in Thailand and other countries. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. The Global Goals, specifically Life of Land, aim to conserve ecosystems for sustainable future for all. Biodiversity in ecosystems contributes to climate change adaptation but is impacted by this pressure. Actions at local scales are necessary to put in place effective biodiversity conservation strategies in the coming decades. The challenge is to develop a multi- and transdisciplinary scientific approach to climate change impacts on local biodiversity. This chapter proposes a methodology and is illustrated by a case study called “the climate sentinels research program” in the New Aquitaine region (southwest, France) which includes a variety of natural ecosystems. The chapter begins by presenting the regional actors mobilized around a scientific action approach and a methodology in three key stages. The first stage called “know” is to define biological indicators to set up a monitoring network on the effects on local biodiversity. The research hypothesis is that local effects can be studied from indicators of flora and fauna species with low movement capacity, called the climate sentinels. Each indicator is associated with a standardized scientific monitoring protocol at local scale. The second stage “understand” is the standardization of data analyses to link climate change to biological data at local scale. As an example, for butterflies, the abundance results come from three ecosystems, 47 sites, 1–8 transects traveled during May to August with a meteorological station per site. The quality of data is assessed by sample coverage. Diversity profiles and similarities are analyzed with Hill numbers and correlated with climate data. At the third stage “Act,” the standardized local knowledge makes it possible to propose actions in government planning and public awareness to protect and to prevent species extinction and promote conservation. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2021. All rights are reserved. The utility of the destination brand experience directly originates from the type of feelings of audiences present in a city. In this study, after recognising the components affecting the sense of place, their relationship with the tourism brand experience in the city of Shiraz, Iran was assessed, and the way the components made effects were investigated as well. To achieve this end, as stated above, this research was conducted using a case study of Shiraz city. The data collection was performed through observation and questionnaire, and the data analysis technique was a combination of quantitative (using SPSS software) and qualitative methods. The obtained results demonstrated that all factors in each form, activity and meaning components affected the sense of place in Shiraz; however, factors associated with the city’s history, such as historical attractions and famous people, had a remarkable effect when compared to others. Overall, consideration of the indicators influencing the sense of place in all aspects, particularly the management and operational ones (design and execution), results in a more robust connection of the audience with the destination brand, growth of sustainable tourism in Shiraz, and successful competition in the international arena. © 2021 Barani. This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited. Musina municipality is one of the driest municipality in the far North of Limpopo Province, South Africa. It is plainly constituted by poor livelihoods of rural communities, as extensively does most rural communities elsewhere. Nevertheless, the Municipality represents some of the most tourism-based areas in the Vhembe district of Limpopo. The matters of tourism, community livelihoods and sustainable development have been increasingly coming to the forefront. Nonetheless, numerous studies fail to properly assume the integral significances and the comprehensive roles of various forms of tourism in community development within many rural areas; such being a special contribution to the academic knowledge from this investigation. This study evaluates “prospects of using tourism industry to advance community livelihoods in Musina municipality, Limpopo South Africa”. In order to adequately comprehend the dynamics of tourism in Musina municipality, data were ultimately gathered through the use questionnaire surveys, interviews, focus group discussions, document reviews and field observations. Thus, Microsoft Excel, Spread sheet and Manual sorting of data contributed to both quantitative and qualitative data analyses. The study discovered that there are vast tourism potentials, attributed by poor tourism impacts and benefits on local community’s livelihoods improvement. The implications and contributory factors leading to the actual and potential tourism statuses in Musina municipality were essentially scrutinised. The study resolves that Musina municipality is well endowed with tourism potentials that require a proper tourism strategy to afford the benefits to the locals. © 2021 Royal Society of South Africa. In this work, we intend to understand the context of Society 5.0 in business and deepen its potential for proactivity in the Sustainable Development Goals, as well as potential implications on accounting and sustainability reporting, based on recent publications. Taking into account that the changes imposed by the 4.0 industry are comprehensive, it becomes relevant to understand the current impacts and future expectations of this evolution with cross industry 5.0. In a Society 5.0 it is intended that all citizens get dynamically involved, introducing digital technologies in a variety of systems and accelerating their implementation. It is thus proposed to deepen the concept and the potential of the individual-technology relationship in the promotion of their quality of life enhancement and that of society’s, in favors of sustainable development, sustainability and its reporting. For this reason, it is a contribution that seeks to collaborate in this very urgent and necessary discussion, presenting its evolution. It is concluded that Industry 4.0, and recently the so-called 5.0, have come to stay and put artificial intelligence, robotics, big data, etc., at men’s service, in which everything will be connected and society will have to be adaptable. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. Rural tourism is emerging in the tourism industry; however, little is known about traveler behaviors at rural destinations. This study explored the role of cultural contact, natural atmospher-ics, and risk perception in generating destination involvement and approach behaviors for rural tourism in Inner Mongolia. A quantitative data analysis was used to obtain the research objective. Our findings showed that cultural contact and natural atmospherics significantly increased traveler destination involvement and their approach behaviors. Cultural contact included a stronger impact on destination involvement than natural atmospherics. In contrast, natural atmospherics contained a stronger influence on approach behaviors than cultural contact. In addition, rural traveler risk perception moderated the magnitude of the effect of cultural contact on approach behaviors. Overall, the proposed theoretical framework encompassed a sufficient level of anticipation power for involvement and approach behaviors. Our findings can be helpful for inventing rural tourism development strategies in Inner Mongolia. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Tourism has been proved an important driving force for economic growth and development. Despite that, the overtourism phenomenon, hand in hand with the sharing economy, has been proved to affect destinations in multiple ways, tourism rejection or the rising of the housing prices, among others. Over the last decade and mainly since United Nations 2030 Agenda was announced, the sustainability of the cities has become an explicit global objective of development. Tourism has been understood as a tool for improving economic and social aspects in contexts of countries in development, but the phenomenon of tourism saturation and concentration around few neighbourhoods in solid destinations from developed economies could be distancing this achievement from the cities. This chapter presents a comparative analysis between two of the top urban Spanish destinations, Madrid and Barcelona, showing the current reality between tourism, real estate prices and mean household income in a neighbourhood-level approach. Does overtourism help destinations in the goal of reaching regional convergence in terms of urban sustainability or does it worsen the situation? © The Author(s) 2021. All rights reserved. Technology has changed the face of almost every sphere of life including the healthcare system which was erstwhile considered a subject of pure clinical evaluation. The onset of the Covid 19 pandemic underscored adaptation to technology as the singular solution to address the banes of the huge number of people afflicted with it globally with limited healthcare workers and resources. The opening of a small healthcare centre in the Al Ras region marked the beginning of healthcare in Dubai. The healthcare system of the UAE has grown exponentially over the years, and it now offers a variety of specialized services that sets it apart from the others. The UAE healthcare industry is increasingly improving to meet the changing needs of its people as well as the country's goal to become a regional medical tourism hub. The government is implementing several long-term projects to achieve balanced growth and to incorporate sustainable growth in the industry while meeting the immediate needs of the population. Comprehensive health-care reforms have been enacted over the last ten years. This paper examines the development and results of Health-Care reforms in the UAE using primary data collected by conducting a survey in a prominent health organization in the UAE. The main aim of the survey was to study the impact of digitalization on the healthcare sector in the UAE. The case in point was the influence of digitalized measures including Big Data Analytics and Artificial Intelligence (AI) in handling the Covid-19 situation from the point of view of the healthcare sector employees. © 2021 IEEE. This research article presents the results of the appraising of the financial and productivity indicators of the small and medium enterprises of the tourist lodging sector in the City of Cartagena-Colombia. The multivariate discriminant data analysis (MDA) technique was used to determine the significance and classification of the groups of selected variables within the group of 75 SMEs that reported their financial statements at the Cartagena Chamber of Commerce for the years 2015 and 2018. The findings found contrast with the sustained good performance for the analysis period of the financial indicators, gross margin (IF1), operating margin (IF2) and net margin (IF3) and productivity, operating profit ratio and added value (IP2), added value ratio and working capital (IP4) and operating profit ratio and working capital (IP5). This is evidenced by the marking out and contribution of the tourist lodging sector in the business economic dynamics of the City of Cartagena. Copyright 2021 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd. Marketing and/or destination management organisations (DMO’s) must manage crises that affect a tourist destination. Recent studies suggest that, iafterthe Covid-19 crisis, demand for responsible tourism will increase. The aim of this study is to examine the role of DMOs in this scenario. The research contrasted their perception of the positioning of the destination and the changes that, as a result of the crisis, have taken place in their marketing strategy on sustainable tourism. More than 400 participants were recruited from European national, regional and local DMOs through an online survey. The data, analysed using a quantitative approach, led to the conclusion that DMOs’ efforts to promote sustainable tourism are positively associated with different regions, that crisis scenarios are turning points for improvement in organization and that DMOs establish themselves as leaders in destination communication. The findings contribute to strengthen the idea that business development in tourism destinations must tend towards responsible tourism to achieve the desired tourism sustainability. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. In recent years, Anhui Province has made considerable progress in economy development, but there are still many problems. What is particularly prominent is that the contribution of tourism to economy growth is not obvious, and the coupling and coordinated development of tourism industry and regional economy is particularly important. Therefore, the article establishes index coefficients, models and calculation methods, to conduct an empirical analysis of the coupling and coordination degree between the economy and tourism in various regions of Anhui. The results show that there are obvious regional differences on the degree of coordination between the tourism industry and the regional economy in Anhui Province, and the tourism industry and regional economy development are restricted each other. On this basis, measures such as optimizing resources, promoting sustainable development, and changing vacation modes are proposed to optimize the development of tourism. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. The presented study shows results of real driving emission (RDE) measurements of up-to-date Euro 4 four-stroke petrol engines of motorcycles. For the real-world research, a scooter rated at 17,5 kW at 8250 rpm, a small sport motorcycle rated at 32 kW at 9000 rpm and a touring motorcycle at 100 kW rated at 7750 rpm were selected to verify the range of exhaust emissions on the road. All motorcycles have a mixture preparation system by injection system and intake manifold injection. The vehicles were operated at city driving with typical stop-and-go phases areas as well as on highways at speeds up to 130 km/h. The ultra-compact exhaust measurement system OBM 5.0 was modified for the motorbike application. This mobile exhaust lab offers now close-to-real-time analysis of exhaust components using IoT, cloud computing and V2X connectivity. The exhaust gas mass flow is calculated in real time from the parameters provided by the vehicle field bus and the gaseous components with a mass balance and a reaction kinetics model. The link with the vehicle speed provides the emission rates in grams per distance. Fuel consumption is calculated using the carbon balance. An integrated GPS sensor provides signals to link the geographic information of the measurement sections with the exhaust components and to calculate the resulting real driving resistances. The determined mass emissions of the pollutants, the average particle size and their number are output as a comprehensive data set every second. As a close to real-time check, the data can be assessed locally by the operator on a mobile device. The installation of the whole system can be done in less than one hour and the equipment worked very satisfying. The investigations carried out showed that the methodology of RDE measurements also leads to good and reliable results in the two-wheeler sector. The three vehicles were dynamically driven in real traffic. It could, as it is already known from other vehicle classes, a wide spread of results within the same actual Euro 4 emission class be observed. With regard to the used three-way catalytic converters, noticeably high carbon monoxide and nitrogen oxide emissions were detected in one vehicle. © 2021, The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. The proceedings contain 42 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Science and Technologies for Smart Cities. The topics include: Scalable Approximate Computing Techniques for Latency and Bandwidth Constrained IoT Edge; collaborative Task Processing with Internet of Things (IoT) Clusters; An Energy Sustainable CPS/IoT Ecosystem; inference Performance Comparison of Convolutional Neural Networks on Edge Devices; a Non-intrusive IoT-Based Real-Time Alert System for Elderly People Monitoring; a Smartphone Application Designed to Detect Obstacles for Pedestrians’ Safety; automatic Generation of Security Requirements for Cyber-Physical Systems; privacy-Preserving Blockchain-Based Solutions in the Internet of Things; assessment of Video Games Players and Teams Behaviour via Sensing and Heterogeneous Data Analysis: Deployment at an eSports Tournament; a Feature-Fusion Transfer Learning Method as a Basis to Support Automated Smartphone Recycling in a Circular Smart City; COVID-19 Patient Care: A Content-Based Collaborative Filtering Using Intelligent Recommendation System; are Neural Networks Really the Holy Grail? A Comparison of Multivariate Calibration for Low-Cost Environmental Sensors; MOBIUS: Smart Mobility Tracking with Smartphone Sensors; An Attack-Resistant Weighted Least Squares Localization Algorithm Based on RSSI; promotion as a Tool of Smart Governance in Cities; identity Inclusion: A Digital National Identification for All; computer Vision Assisted Approaches to Detect Street Garbage from Citizen Generated Imagery; smart Governance in Urban Mobility Process; A Theoretical Framework for GIS-Enabled Public Electronic Participation in Municipal Solid Waste Management; a Crowd-Sourced Obstacle Detection and Navigation App for Visually Impaired; an Ecosystem Approach to the Design of Sensing Systems for Bicycles; preface. This study aims to identify community participation and its level in tourism development in Taman Sari Tourism Village. This research was conducted by implementing a mix of methods consisting of 88 respondents who were purposely selected. Data was collected through questionnaires and interviews, while data analysis was conducted by using quantitative and qualitative analysis. The results showed that community participation in each stage could influence the sustainability of tourism programmes in Taman Sari Tourism Village. The level of community involvement at each stage was mostly classified as high, such as (1) the decision-making stage by 51%; (2) the implementation stage by 52%; (3) the benefits stage by 81%; (4) the evaluation stage by 76%. The results of the study suggests that community participation and synergy between the community, government, stakeholders, and other parties were needed to enhance the implementation of tourism village initiatives in Taman Sari Tourism Village, Yogyakarta, Indonesia. © 2021 Penerbit UMT. All Rights Reserved. The purpose of this study was to determine the impact, challenges, and concept of ecotourism in managing theme parks based on sustainable wildlife animal conservation in Central Java. This research uses qualitative exploratory research. Data collection techniques include in-depth interviews and direct observation as primary data, while documentation, questionnaires, and literature studies are secondary data. Data analysis is divided into several stages: data coding, finding patterns, labeling themes, and developing category systems. The results showed that, first, positive impacts were obtained from conservation and sustainable tourism. Second, management challenges include external (outside the company scope) and internal (within the company scope). The external challenge most often faced by managers is the behavior of tourists who do not comply with the appeal in the theme park area. Meanwhile, the most crucial internal challenge is insufficient funding sources for the management and development of infrastructure. Third, ecotourism offers an alternative concept for sustainable management of theme parks economically and in conservation but requires large funds for realization. © 2021, Pusat Penelitian Lingkungan Hidup - Lembaga Penelitian dan Pengabdian Kepada Masyarakat Institut Pertanian Bogor (PPLH-LPPM IPB). All rights reserved. In recent years, the promotion of smart tourism has not only improved the level of information technology in tourist destinations, but also brought various conveniences to self-service tourists to a certain extent. However, the improvement of self-service tourists' satisfaction with the tourist destination experience has not been obvious. This article analyzes the influencing factors between self-service tourists' satisfaction with the authenticity of tourist destinations and the data information of smart tourism platforms from the perspective of tourist perception in the development of big data modernization. It is found that first, the incomplete information on the smart tourism platform reduces the authenticity of experience of self-service tourists; second, the lack of innovation in smart tourism information platforms affects the authenticity of tourist destinations; last, there is a conflict between the limitations of cultural resources and the perception of the perception of authenticity, and so on. The satisfaction of college students majoring in tourism from the place of origin and the local perception provides suggestions for the development of smart tourism, and is expected to play a corresponding guiding role in the development of tourist destinations. Therefore, it is proposed to provide sustainable and thorough suggestions for the development of smart tourism by utilizing the perception of satisfaction of tourism major students and residents from the local region, which can be expected that it can play a corresponding guiding role for the development of tourism destinations.  © 2021 IEEE. How to efficiently and accurately locate people and objects in the indoor environment has always been a hotspot in indoor localization research. Channel State Information (CSI) fingerprint is a very effective method for indoor localization. At present most CSI information collection tasks are done by humans, which is labor-intensive and inefficient. To overcome the disadvantages of manual operation, researchers begin to use UAV to complete CSI information collection tasks in recent years. At present, the UAV localization fingerprint information collection algorithm has the following problems: (1) When planning the UAV path, the energy consumption of turning, ascending, descent, etc. are not taken into consideration, which leads to large energy consumption for completing tasks; (2) Data collection only at the two-dimensional level instead of three-dimension results in errors in data analysis. To address these problems, we model the three-dimensional indoor environment, the action, and energy consumption of the UAV, then convert the path and action planning problem into a Generalized Traveling Salesman Problems (GTSP). An energy-efficient UAV path and action planning algorithm (EEPAP) is proposed to collect three-dimension CSI information. Finally, through experiments, we evaluated the performance of EEPAP and proved that it outperforms the existing algorithm in terms of energy consumption. © 2020 IEEE. The study conducted a theoretical review and review of previous studies shows that the research gap is the correlation between social responsibility factors, green marketing strategy, corporate reputation and business performance. The practical context of the tourism service industry in Vietnam is also necessary and suitable for research. The study’s overall objective is to propose and test a model on the relationship between corporate social responsibility, green marketing strategy, corporate reputation, and business performance. In the case of the study, it is a travel service business in Ho Chi Minh City. The research methodology of the research is a mixed-method, performed sequentially as follows: the first qualitative research through interviews with 10 experts to consider the necessity of the research problem in Vietnam, to adjust and supplement the scales for research concepts; Quantitative research with a questionnaire survey. According to the quota principle (quota), the sample was selected with a sample size of 218 travel companies to test the proposed theoretical research model. A second qualitative study was performed to aid the interpretation of the results from quantitative data analysis. Research results have identified stakeholders in the tourism industry, including tourists, travel businesses, local authorities and local people. The relationships between research concepts are confirmed, including corporate social responsibility, green marketing strategies that have a positive impact on corporation reputation, corporate social responsibility is found to have a positive impact on green marketing strategies, corporate social responsibility, green marketing strategies, and corporate reputation all have positive effects on business results. At the same time, the enterprise’s characteristics in terms of the main type of business and the size of the business are identified as having differences in the relationship between research concepts. © 2021 There have been "tea-Travel"resources combining tea gardens and tourism long ago. Chinese people pay more and more attention to the spiritual consumption demand, but they have been criticized because of their imperfect development. Although many experts and scholars have conducted research on this, they have not obtained valid results. However, with the development of modern science and technology agriculture, the emergence of organic agriculture can undoubtedly contribute to the sustainable development of tea garden ecotourism. Therefore, this article is based on the versatility of artificial intelligence technology and organic agriculture, starting from its definition and functional characteristics, combined with the current situation and development requirements of tea garden ecotourism, and deeply analyzes the sustainable development of tea garden ecotourism, ideas, and models in order to provide a reference for the development of ecotourism in China's tea gardens. This paper uses the data analysis method, comparison method, questionnaire survey method, and other methods to first theoretically summarize the multifunctionality of organic agriculture and tea garden ecotourism and then takes Lushan Yunwu Tea Garden as an example to investigate the tea plantation area of Lushan in 2019 reaching 150,000 mu. The annual output reaches 20,000 tons, and the annual output value reaches 2.342 billion yuan; the plantation area of tea gardens in the country is expanded to 45.997 million mu in 2019, the output value increases to 25.47 billion yuan, and the sales volume reaches about 2 million tons. Research shows that based on artificial intelligence technology, the sustainable tea garden ecotourism market has broad prospects and good development prospects. The unique regional development model of Lushan Yunwu Tea Garden is worthy of reference for many domestic tea garden ecotourism scenic spots. © 2021 Ruirui Hou and Chao Wen. Coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19) poses a significant threat to the population and urban sustainability worldwide. The surge mitigation is complicated and associates many factors, including the pandemic status, policy, socioeconomics and resident behaviours. Modelling and analytics with spatial-temporal big urban data are required to assist the mitigation of the pandemic. This study proposes a novel perspective to analyse the spatial-temporal potential exposure risk of residents by capturing human behaviours based on spatial-temporal car park availability data. Near real-time data from 1,904 residential car parks in Singapore, a classical megacity, are collected to analyse car mobility and its spatial-temporal heat map. The implementation of the circuit breaker, a COVID-19 measure, in Singapore has reduced the mobility and heat (daily frequency of mobility) significantly at about 30.0%. It contributes to a 44.3%–55.4% reduction in the transportation-related air emissions under two scenarios of travelling distance reductions. Urban sustainability impacts in both environment and economy are discussed. The spatial-temporal potential exposure risk mapping with space-time interactions is further investigated via an extended Bayesian spatial-temporal regression model. The maximal reduction rate of the defined potential exposure risk lowers to 37.6% by comparison with its peak value. The big data analytics of changes in car mobility behaviour and the resultant potential exposure risks can provide insights to assist in (a) designing a flexible circuit breaker exit strategy, (b) precise management via identifying and tracing hotspots on the mobility heat map, and (c) making timely decisions by fitting curves dynamically in different phases of COVID-19 mitigation. The proposed method has the potential to be used by decision-makers worldwide with available data to make flexible regulations and planning. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd Purpose: To investigate best practices pertaining to tourism resilience and develop a tourism resilience framework for post-COVID-19 Bangladesh from the tourism destination management perspective. Methodology: A qualitative research approach involving an integrative literature review was used in this research. Thirty-two scholarly works were considered in a thematic data analysis conducted to inform the development of a framework for post-COVID-19 Bangladesh. Findings: Tourism resilience will be imperative, particularly in the areas of ecology, society, economy, and engineering, on institutional and individual levels. The proposed framework includes government, organization, social, and individual level resilience as the specific measures for Bangladesh. The particular nature of COVID-19 cases in Bangladesh, resulting in a relatively low death toll amidst a high-density population, works as a supportive ground in favor of resilience in the post-COVID-19 reality. Practical Implications: The integrated framework is a theoretical contribution to post-COVID-19 tourism resilience literature on Bangladesh. It will operate as a policy guideline for key stakeholders when implementing initiatives to revive the tourism sector in the changed reality of Bangladesh after the pandemic. Originality: The framework presented in this paper is the first attempt of its kind and can facilitate effective economic rebuilding in the changed postpandemic reality. The framework can be generalized to apply to other developing countries as well. Paper Type: Theoretical framework development. © 2021 Emerald Publishing Limited. This study analyzes and sees Penta-helix actors’ role and contribution in maintaining the tourism sector during the COVID-19 pandemic. The involvement of these actors before the pandemic succeeded in advancing the Indonesian tourism sector. Since the COVID-19 pandemic, a large contraction in the tourism sector has been inevitable. This research was conducted using data analysis from NVivo 12 Plus software. The research data consisted of files and documents over three months (August, September, October) and supported by online media data related to the pandemic’s tourism sector. The study results showed that the government and business/private had the highest scores to maintain the tourism sector, with an average of 27.88% and 28.11%. Compared to other actors (academic, community, media), these high values were caused by a close relationship between government and business/private in the economy, employment, mobility, and tourism policy. Second, academic and community actors were in third and fourth place with 21.31% and 13.44%. Third, the actor with the lowest score was the media, with a score of 9.27%. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the media prioritized information about the spread and development compared to information on the tourism sector. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. Abaya-Chamo and other wetlands of Ethiopia provide multiple ecosystem services, the wetlands are extremely affected by various anthropogenic factors. The unsustainable use of wetlands stems from the negligence of users about wetland degradation and limited policy attention by decision-makers. This study was aimed at analyzing the livelihood benefits of Abaya-chamo lake-wetland and the driving forces of its degradation. Data were gathered using a questionnaire survey of 384 households (selected via systematic random sampling), focus group discussion, and interview and field observation. Percentage, regression was used for data analysis. Multiple linear (binary logistic) regression model was applied to evaluate the impact of household-related independent variables on the dependent variable. It was found that Abaya-chamo lake-wetland offers fish, lumber, firewood, fodder, irrigation water, farmland, rainfall, recreation, tourism, aesthetics, carbon sinks, air quality, and climate regulation, services to local people. Farm expansion, sedimentation, irrigation, invasive plants (water hyacinth), open access and overuse of resources, lack of legal framework, and rapid population growth were the main causes of wetland degradation. Applying the lakes salty-water for irrigation is expected to lead to chemical land degradation in the next few decades. The invasive emboch (water hyacinth) plant results in dwindling aquatic resources (e.g., fish), loss of economic and tour benefits, and change in local climate, thereby depleting the lake water of the lake-wetland rapidly. The lakes salty-water-based irrigation is expected to result in land degradation to the extent of abandoning crop farming in the next few decades unless some actions are taken. Thus, the government should devise a clear policy and legal framework about sustainable management of wetland resources. © 2021 The Authors On Cozumel Island, access to freshwater depends on the extraction of the resource from the aquifer located north of the island (catchment area). Water resource management on the island must be based on updated knowledge of the indicator dynamics related to the recharge of the aquifer, groundwater extraction and the distribution of the resource. In this study, trends, variations and time series of 30 years of monthly data for precipitation, temperature, evapotranspiration, and estimated aquifer recharge were calculated for the catchment area. Additionally, groundwater extraction, water consumption for the main uses over a 13-year period (monthly data), and the 5-year status of wells were considered. The results show decreasing trends in precipitation and estimated recharge volumes in the catchment area, in addition to increasing trends in mean air temperature, evapotranspiration, water extraction volumes and consumption by the commercial sector for the considered time periods. Additionally, an increase in dejected (77%) and reposed (38%) wells within the catchment area was observed. Evidence from this study suggests a dynamic behaviour of the analysed indicators over time that increases pressure on karstic, Caribbean aquifers for which monthly monitoring and data analysis are encouraged as the basis for adequate management.  © G. Hernández-Flores. Purpose: This study aims to find a dynamic model in an effort to optimize tourism performance in ecotourism destinations. The model structure is built based on competitive performance in geographic areas and the application of ecotourism elements that are integrated with big data innovation through artificial intelligence technology. Design/methodology/approach: Data analysis is performed through dynamic system modeling. Simulations are carried out in three models: First, existing simulation models. Second, Scenario 1 is carried out by utilizing a causal loop through innovation of big data-based artificial intelligence technology to ecotourism elements. Third, Scenario 2 is carried out by utilizing a causal loop through big data-based artificial intelligence technology on aspects of ecotourism elements and destination competitiveness. Findings: This study provides empirical insight into the competitiveness performance of destinations and the performance of implementing ecotourism elements if integrated with big data innovations that will be able to massively demonstrate the growth of sustainable tourism performance. Research limitations/implications: This study does not use a primary database, but uses secondary data from official sources that can be accessed by the public. Practical implications: The paper includes implications for the development of intelligent technology based on big data and also requires policy innovation. Social implications: Sustainable tourism development. Originality/value: This study finds the expansion of new theory competitiveness of ecotourism destinations. © 2021, Fauziah Eddyono, Dudung Darusman, Ujang Sumarwan and Tutut Sunarminto. In this paper, we investigate what the impact of the COVID-19 crisis was on travel patterns and how it could be a catalyst for the transition toward a more sustainable mobility system. To study this, we use the sustainable mobility framework of the 7A's, namely Awareness, Avoidance, Act and Shift, Anticipation of new technologies, Actor involvement, Acceleration, and Adaptation of behavior. For each of the first 5A's, we analyze the changes in mobility brought along in the different periods of the COVID-19 crisis. Our mixed methods approach includes a thematic analysis of online press articles and an analysis of traffic and passenger volume data in Brussels, Belgium. Our results show that the measures to stop the spread of the COVID-19 virus had significant consequences for mobility in Brussels by raising Awareness of the positive impacts reduced traffic can have on livability. The measures decreased travel demand (Avoidance) in general, but especially in the context of commuting and shopping trips which declined in favor of telework and online shopping. The majority of mobility measures that were implemented belong to the Act and shift category and they were especially aimed at promoting active mobility like walking. There was also a positive influence on the Anticipation of new technologies, as internal combustion engine sales dropped and electric vehicle sales increased. However, the data analysis also shows an incremental return to business-as-usual after the 2020 summer holidays. Parts of this can be linked back to a disregard of Actor involvement, resulting in a resistance from stakeholders to several of the measures. We conclude with recommendations based on Acceleration and Adaptation of behavior on how to support a sustainable transition and lasting behavioral change in the post-COVID era. Copyright © 2021 Macharis, Tori, de Séjournet, Keseru and Vanhaverbeke. Last decades, tourism, which has grown rapidly worldwide, is highly interconnected with environment quality. Specifically, many activities in hospitality industry have adverse impacts on environment. Hotels are customer-oriented organizations, operating within a complex structure aiming to provide services to people that travel for a variety of reasons, i.e., business, leisure, etc. To provide “guest experience” and gain profit, hotels consume a large amount of resources (energy, water, and non-durable products) which result in creating waste of various kinds and influences the environment in many ways. Firstly, the present paper investigates the characteristics of an Environmental Management Accounting system (EMA). It also illustrates the innovative structure of accounting for the environmental costs which are normally hidden into overheads or are totally ignored. More specifically, this research proposes a smart framework that focuses on the Industry 4.0 innovations in order to collect the appropriate data in a hotel setting. Since a large amount of such data emerges from devices connected to the Internet of things (IoT), business intelligence techniques are proposed for big data analytics. Finally, an EMA system is used to transform data into monetary units. Thus, the proposed smart framework comprises a system of measuring environmental costs in both physical units and in monetary terms for hotels sector, implementing Industry 4.0 elements. This framework can be used as an innovative tool for waste management, and the enhancement of sustainability and environmental protection. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. The specific target of this research is to map the values of cultural and spiritual heritage in the enclave village, Lengkong Kyai. This research will use a qualitative case study method. Data will be collected through in-depth interviews, Focus Group Discussion (FDG), related documents, and visual interpretation. The data collected will be carried out by a three-stage triangulation process, which is the primary key in collecting qualitative data. They are data triangulation, data analysis triangulation, and triangulation by comparing it with previous studies. The preliminary results are there heritage tourism potential that is developed in the enclave village. The future research will find a branding strategy that allows the potential for cultural and spiritual-based tourism in Lengkong Kyai village to be developed and its impact on the welfare of the Lengkong Kyai settlers. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. This article describes the sustainable production system made islands. Distributed data resources used to produce goods for consumption and disposal. Production activities are supported by global non-critical resources, such as capital, technology and expertise in embedded systems, patents and data: analysis and business plan. Provide a case study to explain this arrangement. Understand the potential of the Island's manufacturing sector to add value to the debate on sustainable manufacturing. This study aims to develop an embedded system as a model recognized as a highly developed modern development model, and tourism destination as a system bound essentially regional representatives with a specific development framework. Find similarities with the indispensable support of the overall product at your destination for a distributed database server. By this analogy, find a long-term development model suitable for local commercial embedded systems tourist destinations. A reasonable solution is the concept of sustainable development; the basic principle is coherent. Tourism destination management principles function. © 2020 Several countries are planning to adopt the idea of smart city in their towns and enforcing large-scale data projects that promotes smart city features to achieve the recommended level of sustainable development to enhance the quality of life. The smart city tends to mean an advanced technological area that would be capable of understanding the environment by examining the data so it can improve the livability. The smart cities allow different kinds of wireless sensors to gather massive amounts, full speed and a broad range of city data allow the use of big data technology to learn important observations to control resources, services, and infrastructure effectively. The smart cities use numerous innovations to increase the efficiency of fitness, travel, resources, education and public infrastructure, resulting in a higher comfort level for their residents. Big data analytics is one of the most recent technologies with great potential to improve smart city facilities. Big data is a huge amount of data collected from different sensors, smart objects or smart devices connected with the Internet of Things (IoT). Smart cities allow regional officials to communicate directly to both society and city services as well as to track what might be happening in the city or how the city is progressing. This chapter presents a comprehensive discussion on the fundamental of data analytics, challenges, and a case study of NEOM smart city in Saudi Arabia. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. Smart tourism destinations are growing, with the use and implementation of technology to make travel more enjoyable. Still, the tourist's information privacy concerns generated by the big data available to the destination and service providers is a significant problem for smart tourism, which can affect the sustainability and economic benefit of the smart tourism destination. This study investigates privacy concern, perceived risk, control of information, service provider trust in a smart tourism destination, and the resulting behavioural intentions. The results were obtained using an online survey of 384 respondents that have visited the smart tourism destination Dubai. The results indicated that use context as an environmental factor helps mitigate the tourists' negative privacy concerns and perceived risk towards trust in a smart tourism destination. Furthermore, previous privacy violation experience as a personal factor was negatively related to trust in the smart tourism destination and the service providers. The study provides meaningful contributions on smart tourism to destination management organizations (DMO's) and service providers on what influences and mitigates the privacy concern of the tourists using mobile application location-based services available in a smart tourism destination, building on the social cognitive theory. © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Short-term air quality monitoring in a coastal area, Naklua Subdistrict, Pattaya, Thailand is an activity to support the designated area under Thailand's sustainable tourism development. This study provided a short-term monitoring data analysis on time series and Bivariate Polar Plot (BVP) to provide the status of air quality and to determine the potential source area of air pollution. The result showed that NO2, SO2, CO and PM10 were not higher than the national air quality standards, while the 24-hour average of PM2.5 and the 8-hour average of O3 were slightly higher than the World Health Organization (WHO) air quality guideline values. The nighttime PM2.5 concentration was higher than the daytime concentration, and its potential source area is urban areas in the south. However, the daytime O3 concentration is higher than the nighttime concentration. Its potential source area is from the northwest, where Sichang island is located. This result could be used to support air pollution management by controlling and reducing emissions in the potential source areas as the first priority. Also, the study revealed that the BVP technique could be used to determine the source area of air pollution in the coastal area, where wind circulation is more complex than that over the land. © 2021 the Author(s), licensee AIMS Press. On one side the Republic of Iraq is a potential tourist destination, on the other hand, the country is synonymous with years of civil and regional disturbances. The levels of civil unrest, political instability, and widely reported cases of human right abuses in the country and the region at large, have created economic uncertainty, especially in the country’s tourism sector. To this end, this study employed a survey method to investigate the impact of political/economic stability, legal services, functional local authority and accessibility to the tourism destination. Three hundred questionnaires collected from conveniently accessed respondents were administered for data analyses with the aid of IBM SPSS Statistics tool. In the study, empirical evidence of examined hypotheses was found as significant with the three factors having positive on the tourism sector development in Iraq. This investigation also offers policy directives to stakeholders of the tourism sector development in Iraq especially in the area of rendering quality legal services to protect the right of the tourists from potential human right abuses and security issues. Furthermore, the study revealed the critical roles of political and economic instability, functional local authorities, and accessibility of destination. © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Purpose: Based on more than 2.7 million online reviews (ORs) collected with big data analytical techniques from Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com, this paper aims to explore if and to what extent environmental discourse embedded in ORs has an impact on electronic word-of-mouth (e-WOM) helpfulness across eight major destination cities in North America and Europe. Design/methodology/approach: This study gathered, by means of Big Data techniques, 2.7 million ORs hosted on Booking.com and TripAdvisor, and covering hospitality services in eight different destinations cities in North America (New York City, Miami, Orlando and Las Vegas) and Europe (Barcelona, London, Paris and Rome) over the period 2017–2018. The ORs were analysed by means of ad hoc content analytic dictionaries to identify the presence and depth of the environmental discourse included in each OR. A negative binomial regression analysis was used to measure the impact of the presence/depth of online environmental discourse in ORs on e-WOM helpfulness. Findings: The findings indicate that the environmental discourse presence and depth influence positively e-WOM helpfulness. More specifically those travelers who write explicitly about environmental topics in their ORs are more likely to produce ORs that are voted as helpful by other consumers. Research limitations/implications: Implications highlight that both hotel managers and platform developers/managers should become increasingly aware of the importance that customer attach to environmental practices and initiatives and therefore engage more assiduously in environmental initiatives, if their objective is to improve online review helpfulness for other customers reading the focal reviews. Future studies might include more destinations and other operationalizations of environmental discourse. Originality/value: This study constitutes the first attempt to capture how the presence and depth of hospitality services consumers’ environmental discourse influence e-WOM helpfulness on multiple digital platforms, by means of a big data analysis on a large sample of online reviews across multiple countries and destinations. As such it makes a relevant contribution to the area at the intersection between big data analytics, e-WOM and sustainable tourism research. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited. In recent years, China's rural tourism has developed rapidly, and the development of agritourism has shown strong momentum and taken a place in rural tourism. The city of Ordos is located in the western region of China, and rural tourism in the course of its booming development, has also brought negative impact on the ecological environment of the countryside. Based on the interpretation of the concept and role of ecotourism, this paper analyzes the problems in the sustainable development of Erdos Nongjiale tourism on the basis of the development of Erdos Nongjiale tourism as an example, and proposes the path of sustainable development of Erdos Nongjiale in the context of green environment protection in the new erea, in order to provide reference for the sustainable development of Erdos Nongjiale tourism. © 2021 IEEE. Demographic projections highlight that the 65+ age group is the fastest growing category in Norway. Though studies have examined the travel patterns of older adults, no study till date has explored if car sharing can become a mobility option for this age group in urban areas. Spatial planning in Norwegian urban areas has rapidly adopted densification, exhibited through increase in high-rise apartments near transit nodes and urban centres. A parallel development has occurred alongside - a vast majority of the 65+ age-bracket has moved to these high-rise apartments to be close to basic facilities. This development operates in tandem with the national level policy on Active Ageing which clearly states that older adults should reside in their own homes and care should be provided at their residences. In this chapter, I highlight the potential of car sharing to address the mobility needs of older adults in Oslo. This is achieved through employing a combination of quantitative and qualitative data analyses to explore their current travel behaviour, needs and preferences related to car sharing. Preliminary findings reveal that the elements of social practice theory - materiality, skills and meanings - have to be analysed in close conjunction to make a sustainable shift towards car sharing. Even though the meanings associated with private car ownership have diluted over the years, confidence levels and knowledge to use upcoming solutions like car sharing needs further boosting. © Miloš N. Mladenović, Tuuli Toivonen, Elias Willberg and Karst T. Geurs 2021. The future of humanity depends increasingly on the performance of cities. Big data provide new and powerful ways of studying and improving coupled urban environmental, social, and economic systems to achieve urban sustainability. However, the term big data has been defined variably, and its urban applications have so far been sporadic in terms of research topic and location. A comprehensive review of big data-based urban environment, society, and sustainability (UESS) research is much needed. The aim of this study was to summarize the big data-based UESS research using a systematic review approach in combination with bibliometric and thematic analyses. The results showed that the numbers of publications and citations of related articles have been increasing exponentially in recent years. The most frequently used big data in UESS research are human behavior data, and the major analytical methods are of five types: classification, clustering, regression, association rules, and social network analysis. The major research topics of big data-based UESS research include urban mobility, urban land use and planning, environmental sustainability, public health and safety, social equity, tourism, resources and energy utilization, real estate, and retail, accommodation and catering. Big data benefit UESS research by proving a people-oriented perspective, timely and real-time information, and fine-resolution spatial dynamics. In addition, several obstacles were identified to applying big data in UESS research, which are related to data quality and acquisition, data storage and management, data security and privacy, data cleaning and preprocessing, and data analysis and information mining. To move forward, future research should integrate multiple big data sources, develop and utilize new methods such as deep learning and cloud computing, and expand the application fields to focus on the interactions between human activities and urban environments. This review can contribute to understanding the current situation of big data-based UESS research, and provide a reference for studies of this topic in the future. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd Private car dependence has adverse effects on both mental and physical health. Travel Demand Management (TDM) strategies are adopted by public and private organizations to encourage users to switch to sustainable transport for daily commutes. Originally, mobility management only focused on employees, but recently various universities worldwide have started to adopt policies specifically targeted at students. To improve their effectiveness, an innovative approach to TDM based on a GPS smartphone application is tested at University of RomaTre (Italy) on a sample of students. The strategy identifies the integration of all mobility management activities into one smartphone application called IPET (Individual Persuasive Eco-Travel Technology). The IPET enables activity-travel data collection and automatic processing, personalized information provision, use of persuasive technology and implementation of a gamification system. Two questionnaires were conducted before-and-after the measure, to assess its effects on psycho-attitudinal factors. The main objective of the investigation was to analyze individuals’ voluntary behavioral changes with regard to travel mode and everyday behavior following implementation of a personalized travel plan. Data analysis indicated a strong positive change in the level of awareness regarding CO2 emissions and calories burnt after the program implementation. Comparison of GPS data collected in the first and second weeks showed, for those who received a personalized travel plan, an 8.1% shift towards more sustainable transport modes. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd To cope with data complication systematically, a tourism platform is proposed through a newly-defined concept named Data Oriented Security Architecture or DOSA. The framework of DOSA shifts an attention from “Application” in a conventional method to “Data”. The main idea is to neutralize the numerously different sources of data into single entity called Data Register Center and strengthen the security of data by utilizing the public- and private-key encryption. Thus it could be simply adaptable to the varieties of applications and easily extensible to sustainable development. The advantages of DOSA include (1) maintainability of data ownership, (2) improvement in security and privacy, and (3) reduction in storage that, as a result, are suitable to modern application development. The application prototype is implemented in web application and piloted by a set of tourist destination in Chiang Mai. This work contains the implementation from Data Register Center in DOSA through the Tourism Service Platform. Although the sample does not include all features of the DOSA, the results are comprehensive and ready for the future extension and improvement. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd 2021. Sustainable urban mobility remains an emerging research topic during last decades. In recent years, the smart card data collection systems have become widespread and many studies have been focused on usage of anonymized data from these systems for better understanding of mobility patterns of Public Transport (PT) passengers. Data-driven mobility patterns can benefit transport planners at strategic, tactical, and operational levels. A particular point of interest is a spatiotemporal dynamics of mobility patterns that highlights transformation of the PT passenger flows over the time continuously or in response to modifications of the PT system and policies. This study is aimed to estimation and analysis of the spatiotemporal dynamics of PT passenger flows in Riga (Latvia). A multi-stage methodology was proposed and includes three main stages: (1) estimation of individual trip vectors, (2) clustering of trip vectors into spatiotemporal mobility patterns, and (3) further analysis of mobility patterns dynamics. The best practice methods are applied at every stage of the proposed methodology: The smart card validation flow is used for extracting information on boarding locations; the trip chain approach is used for estimation of individual trip destinations; vector-based clustering algorithms are utilised for identification of mobility patterns and discovering their dynamics. The resulting methodology provides an advanced tool for observing and managing of PT demand fluctuation on a daily basis. The methodology was applied for mining of a large smart card data set (124 million records) for year 2018. Most important empirical results include obtained daily mobility patterns in Riga, their clusters, and within-cluster dynamics over the year. Obtained daily mobility patterns allows estimation of a city-level PT origin-destination matrix that is useful in many applied areas, e.g., dynamic passenger flow assignment models. Mobility pattern-based clustering of days allows effective comparison and flexible tuning of the PT system for different days of a week, public holidays, extreme weather conditions, and large events. Dynamics of mobility patterns allows estimating the effect of implementing changes (e.g., fare increase or road maintenance) and demand forecasting for user-focused development of PT system. © 2020 The Author(s). Tourism development is crucial at Sade Village because it has an impact on socio-cultural changes in society. The development of globalized tourism has led to intensive communication with tourists. The research aims to uncover and describe the socio-cultural impacts of the Sasak tribe community at Sade Village. This research uses ethnographic research methods with participatory observation data collection techniques, interviews, documentation, field notes and data analysis by using inductive. The results show that there were social and cultural impacts of the community. Before the existence of tourism development,the community only rely on agricultural sector and looking for job input of the region. However, after tourism sector has developed, the community got opportunity to work in the tourism sector. The community has a new social organization that focuses on tourism activities such as tourism managers and tourism awareness group. There was a transformation on the language too. Previously, the local community only used the Sasak language to communicate. After the existence of tourism, people who work in the tourism sector must be able to master a variety of foreign languages and changes to the family structure. © EM International. The explosive advancements of sensing technologies, Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Internet of Things (IoT) have given rise to various smart technologies that brought profound changes in various aspects of urban life. Such changes may suggest a paradigm shift in the ways of experiencing and researching urbanism. However, we still know very little about what to expect and how to cope with these changes based on scientific investigations from a behavioral and social perspective. To fill this void, this special issue “Smart technologies and urban life: A behavioral and social perspective” presents a collection of ten papers covering four themes, namely smart technologies-generated big data and urban research, smart technologies and travel behavior, smart technologies and energy consumption, and smart technologies and urban life. Specific topics include the application of open source data and deep learning techniques, the development of smart street lighting system, the usage and social implications of smartphone applications, the ownership and application of emerging mobility services, household decisions on investments in renewable energy equipment, travel behavior, smartness and sustainability etc. Building upon findings from these studies, we speculate on the prospects and future applications of smart technologies and their implications for social and environmental sustainability. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd Consumers pay attention to personalized needs in tourism, and traditional travel methods have been unable to meet the needs of social development. As an innovative model, smart tourism embodies a new tourism development concept and management mechanism. This article aims to analyze the problems existing in the development of smart tourism in the A place to promote the healthy and sustainable development of the tourism industry in the A place. This paper investigates the development of smart tourism in A place and analyzes the satisfaction of tourists. The overall satisfaction of tourists is high, but the satisfaction of transportation and mobile terminals is low. The score ratio is 83.18% and 84.78%. Through interviews, it is found that customers think that waiting in the queue is too long, and the real-time parking situation cannot be intelligent and convenient. On the mobile terminal, customers think that downloading APP is too troublesome. According to the shortcomings and problems in the development of smart tourism, corresponding improvement strategies are proposed to enhance the tourist experience of tourists and promote the balance and sustainable development of smart tourism. © 2021, The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. The sharing economy platforms for accommodation have emerged as a disruptive model that has revolutionized the tourist lodging sector and modified tourist consumption patterns. Airbnb is the paradigm of this business model, with approximately 300 million users and more than 7 million listings worldwide. However, studies that have attempted to explore the consumer experiences of green Airbnb users are still scarce, especially those using big data approaches. The present study explores the preferences and attitudes of green Airbnb users by analyzing the online review published in Inside Airbnb using text mining and sentiment analysis. Findings reveal six latent aspects among which the “sustainability” predominates in the online opinions of green Airbnb users, situating sustainability in relation to the most positive emotion of the Plutchik model. Moreover, the results of the analysis suggest a positivity bias in the online reviews of green Airbnb users. Managerial implications for sustainability, consumer behavior management, and marketing fields are discussed. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. This research presents how innovative technologies, software and digital media and tools can be used for recreation, presentation, preservation, dissemination, promotion and even enhanced experiencing of valuable cultural heritage. New innovative technologies and tools are described in a systematic order with concrete examples - digital multimedia and interactive sites and platforms for cultural heritage, digitalizing, gathering and searching valuable cultural content in an interactive digital collection, digital library or collaborative repository, digital virtual content and tours, virtual reality and augmented virtual reality applications in the cultural heritage field, virtual simulations and recreations, 3D models, interactive desktop display technologies, storytelling via robots and digital multimedia, smart educational games. A variety of innovative and digital tools are used and case study examples are described. Huge quantities of big data and archive data bases from different sources can be gathered, stored, analyzed, enriched, searched and presented online, in order to access, perceive, preserve and promote easier cultural heritage and improve and develop the cultural heritage field and experience.  © 2021 IEEE. Purpose – Tourism and urbanisation are two significant determinants of economic growth and have been identified as top contributors to CO2 emissions. We examine the nexus among tourism, urbanisation, and CO2 emissions in South Asia by providing empirical evidence using panel data analysis. Design – Annual data from 1995-2019 is collected from the World Development Indicator 2020 for five South Asian countries: Bangladesh, India, Sri Lanka, Nepal, and Pakistan. Methodology – Durbin-Hausman panel cointegration and LM Bootstrap panel cointegration tests are conducted to check long-run cointegration. Dumitrescu-Hurlin panel causality test is used to detect causal relationship among the variables. Moreover, the PDOLS, PMG ARDL, c-up FMOLS and Generalised Linear Model are used to estimate long-run coefficients of the variables. Findings – We reveal unidirectional causalities running from urbanisation to tourism, urbanisation to CO2 emissions, and tourism to CO2 emissions. Additionally, when heterogeneity of the variables is taken into account, both tourism and urbanisation show positive and significant effect on CO2 emissions in the long-run. Originality of the Research – To our knowledge, no previous study investigates the relationship among tourism, urbanisation and CO2 emissions is South Asia. Our results will guide policy makers to design policies that will promote urbanisation and tourism growth in an environmentally sustainable way. © 2021 University of Rijeka. All rights reserved. Although zoning has great potential in coordinating regional development and destination management, it is challenging to derive an optimal zoning method in the historic district. To address this challenge, this paper proposes a zone division method attempting to balance tourists’ and residents’ spatial demands and realizing urban historic area sustainable development. A 3-zones (Tourist active zone, Local community zone, and Buffer zone) plan is put forward based on a case study of the Qianmen area in Beijing, China. Then zone extraction is conducted with two kinds of big data, Points of Interests (POI) and Mobile Phone Signal (MPS). The Thiessen polygon-based method to divide the tourists’ concentrated area and a fishnet-based density method to distinguish the area of residents mainly living are used to help identify borderlines of different zones. A survey map for tourists and residents is used to verify the zone extraction results. Subsequently, zone management strategies are suggested for different zones improvement. This discussion contributes to overcoming the traditional methods’ defects in subarea-scale research with scientifically sound and practical. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Saudi Vision 2030 aims at reducing the kingdom’s dependency of oil through diversifying the economy and developing the service sectors such as tourism, recreation, health, education, communication, and infrastructure. Thus far, it is apparent that the plan aims at military manufacturing facilities. However, even though the vision does not specifically outline possible Information Technology (IT) related actions that will diversify the economy, we suggest in this paper IT sector developments that can be in line with the vision 2030 such as the development of Information Technology (IT) human workforce in addition to Information Technology Entrepreneur activities and manufacturing. In addition, new technologies such as Internet of Things (IoT), cloud computing, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Big data, and others can play an integral role in diversifying the economy through well thought out plans in these areas. This paper will present case studies of countries that have opted to promote Information Technology as a primary goal among its youth and have succeeded in securing a place in the IT ranking of countries that export technology. Saudi Arabia through its dependency on the oil sector all these years has not made the IT sector a prime target and not much attention was given towards gearing its education systems to IT-related fields. Saudi Youth choose the field of Engineering in hopes of landing jobs in the big oil and biochemical companies such as ARAMCO, SABIC, SADARA, and all its subcontractors. A large percentage of youth choose the business majors in hopes of jobs in the same companies as well as banking and business industries. Very few choose IT-related majors with the false perception that jobs are scarce or that they are low paying jobs. In this paper, we present the scenario in which IT becomes a major part of economic diversity in Saudi Arabia and present a theoretical framework towards achieving this task. © 2021 IEEE. Sustainable tourism should maintain a high level of tourist satisfaction, so identifying components of tourism destination image plays an important role in destination management and marketing. This study aims to explore issues related to the image of a rural tourism destination, with the focus on the cognitive component. It also aims to analyze three dimensions of the cognitive component: functional, mixed, and psychological. Furthermore, this study gives the answer to the question of which dimension of the cognitive component makes the most significant impact on the general image of a rural tourism destination. The sample comprised 562 respondents. Data analysis included exploratory factor analysis (EFA), confirmatory factor analysis (CFA), and structural equation modeling (SEM). The results indicate the existence of three dimensions of the cognitive component, and it can be concluded that the psychological dimension of the cognitive component has the most significant impact on the general image of a rural tourism destination. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. The proliferation of smartphones has led to the increased popularity of location-based search and recommendation systems. Online platforms like Google and Yelp allow location-based search in the form of a nearby feature to query for hotels or restaurants in the vicinity. Moreover, hotel booking platforms like Booking[dot]com, Expedia, or Trivago allow travelers searching for accommodations using either their desired location as a search query or near a particular landmark. Since the popularity of different locations in a city varies, certain locations may get more queries than other locations. Thus, the exposure received by different establishments at these locations may be very different from their intrinsic quality as captured in their ratings.Today, many small businesses (shops, hotels, or restaurants) rely on such online platforms for attracting customers. Thus, receiving less exposure than what is expected can be unfavorable for businesses. It could have a negative impact on their revenue and potentially lead to economic starvation or even shutdown. By gathering and analyzing data from three popular platforms, we observe that many top-rated hotels and restaurants get less exposure vis-a-vis their quality, which could be detrimental for them. Following a meritocratic notion, we define and quantify such exposure disparity due to location-based searches on these platforms. We attribute this exposure disparity mainly to two kinds of biases - Popularity Bias and Position Bias. Our experimental evaluation on multiple datasets reveals that although the platforms are doing well in delivering distance-based results, exposure disparity exists for individual businesses and needs to be reduced for business sustainability. © 2020 IEEE. As we witness a series of social, political, cultural, and economic changes/disruptions this book examines the Fourth Industrial Revolution and the way emerging technologies are impacting our lives and changing society. The Fourth Industrial Revolution is characterised by the emergence of new technologies that are blurring the boundaries between the physical, the digital, and the biological worlds. This book allows readers to explore how these technologies will impact peoples’ lives by 2030. It helps readers to not only better understand the use and implications of emerging technologies, but also to imagine how their individual life will be shaped by them. The book provides an opportunity to see the great potential but also the threats and challenges presented by the emerging technologies of the Fourth Industrial Revolution, posing questions for the reader to think about what future they want. Emerging technologies, such as robotics, artificial intelligence, big data and analytics, cloud computing, nanotechnology, biotechnology, the Internet of Things, fifth-generation wireless technologies (5G), and fully autonomous vehicles, among others, will have a significant impact on every aspect of our lives, as such this book looks at their potential impact in the entire spectrum of daily life, including home life, travel, education and work, health, entertainment and social life. Providing an indication of what the world might look like in 2030, this book is essential reading for students, scholars, professionals, and policymakers interested in the nexus between emerging technologies and sustainable development, politics and society, and global governance. © 2022 Felix Dodds, Carolina Duque Chopitea and Ranger Ruffins. Urban mobility and the transport of people have been increasing in volume inexorably for decades. Despite the advantages and opportunities mobility has brought to our society, there are also severe drawbacks such as the transport sector’s role as one of the main contributors to greenhouse-gas emissions and traffic jams. In the future, an increasing number of people will be living in large urban settings, and therefore, these problems must be solved to assure livable environments. The rapid progress of information and communication, and geographic information technologies, has paved the way for urban informatics and smart cities, which allow for large-scale urban analytics as well as supporting people in their complex mobile decision making. This chapter demonstrates how geosmartness, a combination of novel spatial-data sources, computational methods, and geospatial technologies, provides opportunities for scientists to perform large-scale spatio-temporal analyses of mobility patterns as well as to investigate people’s mobile decision making. Mobility-pattern analysis is necessary for evaluating real-time situations and for making predictions regarding future states. These analyses can also help detect behavioral changes, such as the impact of people’s travel habits or novel travel options, possibly leading to more sustainable forms of transport. Mobile technologies provide novel ways of user support. Examples cover movement-data analysis within the context of multi-modal and energy-efficient mobility, as well as mobile decision-making support through gaze-based interaction. © 2021, The Author(s). The landscape, understood as the manifestation of the link that identifies each society with the space where it develops, brings us closer to the territory from a richer and more transversal approach, one that goes beyond its purely formal dimension and embraces its condition of collective space and cultural expression. This view confirms the need to understand landscape as heritage, which has led the heritage field to generate a valuable body of knowledge related to landscape management, focusing on the role it plays in the memory and identity of society and showing how this important legacy can be revalued under the principles of sustainable development. However, these insights have never been analytically synthesized. In order to fill this gap, 226 heritage-related studies have been systematically reviewed to distil the interlinkages of heritage and landscape, thus seeking to foster closer links between landscape planning and the heritage field. Assisted by a qualitative data analysis software and following the approach of meta-synthesis, this study has organized its findings by a representative set of 13 operational guidelines with potential application in landscape planning, including: adopting a holistic landscape policy, developing specific methods for adopting an Historic Urban Landscape approach in urban planning, implementing Historic Landscape Characterization, a closer look at the Landscape Biography paradigm, promoting the use of past-oriented landscape analyses in proactive planning, increasing characterization efforts of intangible landscape features, implementing monitoring systems for understanding landscape's state of conservation, closing ties between heritage scenario and cultural ecosystem services research, incorporating heritage studies in Geodesign, reshaping static barrier-like planning borders into softer measures, promoting participatory co-management, integrating tourism and heritage into a pluralistic landscape planning and defining new landscape management figures and protocols based on getting “conservation-use” operational balance. These prospects are discussed in relation to their potential contribution to landscape planning, which adds soundness to the role of heritage sphere in this field. © 2020 Elsevier B.V. This study aims to explore the meaning reconstruction of consequences of the tourism boom with a social interpretive approach. This approach presupposes that social actors play a key role in constructing and reconstructing their lives. This study seeks to answer the question of how the people of Garmeh village interpret the changes caused by the tourism boom? Data were collected over a period of four months using ethnographic methods and were analyzed using grounded theory. In this respect, the tourism boom consequences were classified into six themes consisting of economy, social interactions, beliefs, education, consumption patterns, and leisure time. Through the process of data analysis, the following six core categories were emerged from selective coding process; improving livelihoods, sustainable social relationships, belief foreshocks, deprivation, consumerism, and tourism as a leisure ground. Results suggest that locals consider the consequences of tourism constructive and subversive. They perceived the tourism consequences as bestowing the modern ways of life and growth of the village, while simultaneously threatening cultural beliefs and the traditional lifestyle. The results are presented in a model consisting of conditions, interactions, and consequences. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. This research aims to describe components and relationship models of a business organization’s innovation management model affecting the innovative behaviour of executives of hotels’ human resources. An empirical study was conducted on 4-to 5-star hotels in Phuket Province seeking to become sustainable businesses by increasing the efficiency of performance and setting guidelines for hotel businesses to form a performance model relating to administration and human resource development in the midst of ongoing environmental changes. Questionnaires were used to collect data from 405 human resources executives of 4-5 stars hotels in Phuket Province, Thailand. The data analysis first involved applying descriptive statistics and then adopting Pearson correlation analysis, confirmatory factor analysis and structural equation modelling. The results show that innovative behaviour has had a positive effect on task performance and that causal factors including valuable human resources, transformational leadership, and innovation atmosphere have had a direct positive impact on innovative behaviour. Furthermore, we found positive direct and indirect effects on task performance. © 2021. TEM Journal. All Rights Reserved. As a traditional agricultural country, China has excellent conditions for developing rural tourism. Under the guidance of balanced urban and rural development, the rural tourism industry has developed rapidly and has become a popular choice for Chinese residents' leisure and vacation. This article first analyzes the significance and significance of balancing urban and rural development from the perspective of balancing urban and rural development, and then introduces the current development of rural tourism in my country, and finally proposes a sustainable development strategy for rural tourism from the perspective of balancing urban and rural development based on the analysis of big data, aiming to promote rural tourism development of Travel e-commerce. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. Since the 1960s, a significant percentage of railway networks have been closed all over the world. This represents a heritage that can be used to provide new features to local communities with regard to sustainable development and landscape regeneration processes. Disused railways can be converted into greenways which are only dedicated to not motorized users and people with reduced mobility. Greenways can also be utilized for leisure, tourism and commuting. The growing interest and social demand for greenways face an obstacle in the form of scarce public funds. Accordingly, decision-makers and land-use planners need to assess the potential benefits and costs for local communities as well as the attractiveness for users. In this paper, we aim to provide a transferable working tool able to support decision-making and land-use planning processes related to the conversion of disused railway lines into greenways in mixed urban-rural contexts. We tested the developed methodology in Piedmont (Italy), a region with almost 600 km of abandoned railway lines and over 200 disused stations. We used a Geographic Information System (GIS) to carry out the spatial data analysis and an analytic hierarchy process (AHP) for integrating the preferences of stakeholders. We defined the Greenway Suitability Index (GSI), a synthetic global index able to take into account and synthetize the characteristics and current conditions of the disused railway networks and the territorial and social contexts (“Natural elements,” “Historical-Cultural resources,” “Traditional food and local wine,” “Landscape or Scenery,” “Accessibility,” and “Population”). Decision-makers can use the GSI to prioritize and concentrate the investments on the sections with the highest score. We defined four scenarios based on the desired prevalent use of the future greenways - namely, touristic versus recreational/daily travel. We then calculated the GSI for each of them in order to verify how the priorities can change in relation to the objectives. The successful application demonstrated that the methodology can be used to calculate a sort of “priority score” considering the stakeholder's preferences and allowing for the land-use decision-makers to concentrate their investments in a hierarchal way. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd Turkey, an emerging economy, ranked 8th among the most visited countries in the world in 2017. Given the importance of the tourism sector in Turkey, it is of utmost importance to identify the dynamics of tourism demand to achieve sustainable tourism. The aim of this article is, therefore, to explore the demand-side factors that affect the number of international tourist arrivals to Turkey. To this end, an augmented gravity model has been employed to analyze the factors affecting the number of international tourists visiting Turkey from the top 25 originating countries from 1998 to 2017. The results show that the gravity model is very effective in explaining the tourist arrivals to Turkey. Empirical findings suggest that per capita income of both origin country and Turkey, relative exchange rate, and globalization positively affect the demand for tourism, while it is negatively affected by consumer price index, violence/terrorism, household debt level, and bilateral distance between Turkey and the origin country. © The Author(s) 2020. The rapid demand for goods shipping and increasing role of sea transportation services make countries that have sea territory developed sea transportation infrastructure. They do not only develop for transportation, exploitation of marine products, and tourism but also make seafront areas as the potential development of the new city of Seatropolis. This research used the qualitative and quantitative method through literature studies to identify parameters as a minimum requirement for the development of marine areas that can support the development of advanced new cities. After that, through a case study on the country of Indonesia which is a maritime country with the largest area of the sea obtaining the size of the initial investment cost of a city with the concept of Seatropolis. In the final stage of this research was in-depth interviews for validating the results of data analysis results. The results of the case study identify potentials in developing eco-town in the coastal area such as commercial area, residential, power plant, and industries through sustainable development concept. The total initial cost to develop Seatropolis cities was US$ 1,974,070,053.85. This research observation divided the operational costs into three phases of construction development. Each phase of 2023, 2025, 2027 consisted of US$ 18,888,781.62, US$ 33,872,403.81, and US$ 51,974,650.82. The government should include in the financing scheme for the initial cost of 59.38% and invest in operation and maintenance around 31.74% with obtained revenue of 33.96%. This scheme generates optimum IRR of about 15.41%. © 2021, The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. This paper aims to analyze the growth of tourism in Portugal and Lisbon municipality in the past decade, with a focus on short-term rentals. The paper begins with the statistical background on the tourism boom that occurred in Portugal in the 2010s. The central part of the paper is focused on the spatial distribution of short-term rental properties, consisting of two parts: i) observation of the spatial patterns in Portugal, by NUTS II region; ii) analysis of the municipality of Lisbon, which accounts for 22% of all short-term rentals units registered in Portugal. The spatial analysis was carried out in the context of geographical information systems (GIS), in an approach based on spatial statistics and spatial modelling, with research that involves geographic data and big data. Assuming Lisbon municipality as empirical scope, the paper ends with some reflections on the excessive concentration of short-term rentals in urban areas and their positive and negative externalities on urban life. The results suggest that the concentration of short-term rental units in some urban areas may be excessive and cause serious negative externalities that affect the quality of life in multiple dimensions. In the end, thi s research paper opens a debate about the sustainability of tourism and how to achieve a balance between the positive and negative externalities without affecting the quality of urban life for those who live, work and use their city for everyday life activities. © the authors, 2021. All Rights Reserved. Purpose: The main purpose of this study is to present a model of agritourism for rural development. Based on the quantitative approach and principles of sustainable tourism theory, it tries to present the optimal model of agritourism for rural areas of Masal county. An attempt is also made to identify the elements of agritourism and discovere their internal relations in order to evaluate its development. Research Method: This is a descriptive-analytical study with a mixed research method, i.e. a combination of quantitative and qualitative methods. The research tools in this study include several types of questionnaires and interview cards. For the purpose of data analysis, a variety of statistical tests are used in quantitative and qualitative sections. Findings: The results show that the optimal model of agritourism for rural development in Masal county will be possible in each of the three elevated areas in the presence of five factors, namely tourists, farmers, rural environments, facilitators and common agricultural activities in the region. However, in this study the role of the two factors, including facilitators and rural environments in Masal area is far more than the other three factors. It is also found that, depending on the prevailing conditions in the studied rural areas, the foothills, plain and mountain areas are suitable for agritourism activities, respectively. Originality/ Value: For the first time in Iran, this research has addressed the issue of agritourism model. Also, all the elements of agritourism have been studied together for the first time. © 2021, Faculty of Agricultural Sciences, Sabaragamuwa University of Sri Lanka. All rights reserved. In the era of Internet big data in the 21st century, the Internet goes deep into all walks of life, which has brought a very profound influence on all walks of life. Nowadays, every industry with the blessing of the Internet can develop better and better. All walks of life are also more and more inseparable from the Internet. China is a large country rich in tourism resources, with the rapid development of the Internet, in the past ten years, China's tourism industry has also been rapid development. The concrete manifestation is the continuous increase of the number of tourists, the proportion of tourism income in the development of urban economy is increasing, and the tourism industry drives the consumption of the surrounding market. However, despite the hot development of tourism in China, we can not ignore the existing problems of tourism in China, such as deceiving consumers, market chaos, backward tourism products and a series of problems. Innovation market supervision and management system, maintain market order, so as to promote the development of tourism industry. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences 2021. Tourism has received considerable attention in recent years with regards to the impacts of tourism and its ability to contribute toward sustainability. This article focuses on the positive impact communitybased tourism can have on the empowerment of women. Four domains of empowerment have been identified in literature, and the objective of this research specifically reviews the social and economic empowerment domains, which community-based tourism has had on the lives of women involved in tourism. Primary data in the form of life histories were collected through semistructured interviews by the researchers, and data analyzed according to an empowerment framework. The results yielded a number of women considered to be empowered on both economic and social levels. However, despite the considered empowerment of women, aspects of disempowerment were noted. The study fundamentally reveals that Sustainable Development Goal 5, pertaining to women empowerment, can be achieved through the economic empowerment of women who in turn socially empower the communities in which they reside. © 2021. All Rights Reserved. Hotels are a key element of the tourism industry. Hotels are the most common form of accommodation for tourists and the hotel industry is intricately to tourism. A review of the academic literature indicates that existing research is primarily focused on sustainability in tourism, but very few studies have analysed the environmental dimension of sustainability in hotels in Australia, an important facet of the Australian tourism industry. The paper presents the findings of the influence of stakeholders on environmentally sustainable policies and practices (ESPPs) in the Australian hotel industry. One‐on‐one interviews were conducted with hotel managers as a representative sample of Australian hotels in Melbourne, Australia. The selected sample for the research comprised managers who manage approximately 60 hotels. The data was collected through in‐depth interviews. It was then transcribed, coded, and analysed with NVIVO, a computer‐aided qualitative data analysis software program. The sample size ensured representation by different segments of the hotel industry to include international chain‐affiliated hotels, Australian chain‐affiliated hotels and independent hotels. An analysis of the findings suggests that owners and shareholders are the biggest influ-encers as their investment takes primary importance. Other key stakeholders such as guests gener-ally play a secondary role in influencing the ESPPs of hotels. ESPPs should lead to well‐intentioned initiatives and practices that are undertaken by stakeholders to create drivers for change to contribute to environmental sustainability. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. This study empirically investigates the role of tourism development in an extended version of the environmental Kuznets curve (EKC) for the top 50 tourist destination countries. Panel data on annual basis that range from 1996 to 2016 have been used by employing CADF, CIPS and PANKPSS unit root tests, DSUR cointegrating test as well as DH panel dynamic causality test. The results explain that tourism development exerts significant long-term effects on the extended version of EKC, whereas carbon emission levels significantly move over years through tourism development. Our findings also indicate that tourism development has positive effects on the level of CO2 emissions in the case of Turkey, Thailand, Russia, Greece, Saudi Arabia, Macao, Indonesia, Brazil, Dominica, Philippines, Bulgaria, Tunisia, Egypt, Iran, Georgia, Hong Kong, India and Malaysia. This result suggests that these countries should not use traditional fuel oil consumption methods, and such methods need to be abandoned for reduction in carbon dioxide in terms of environmental quality and sustainability. © 2020, Springer Nature B.V. Since the early 21st century, the educational tourism sector has been growing rapidly especially in developing countries and it is one of the major sources of export in a number of developed countries. Therefore, the objective of this paper is to determine the impact of educational tourism on economic growth with controlling the impact of exports of goods and foreign direct investment. A panel dataset of 11 countries was selected as the main group in international education exporter for the years 2002–2017 and this study utilised static panel data analysis. The results found that educational tourism and exports have positive impact on economic growth. The study also found that there is a country specific effect through different constant. This study proved that other than exports of goods, certain countries can benefit from the educational tourism sector as the new engine of economic sustainability. Copyright © 2021 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd. The 2019 coronavirus (COVID-19), also known as SARS-CoV-2, is highly pathogenic and virulent, and it spreads very quickly through human-to-human contact. In response to the growing number of cases, governments across the spectrum of affected countries have adopted different strategies in implementing control measures, in a hope to reduce the number of new cases. However, 5 months after the first confirmed case, countries like the United States of America (US) seems to be heading towards a trajectory that indicates a health care crisis. This is in stark contrast to the downward trajectory in Europe, China, and elsewhere in Asia, where the number of new cases has seen a decline ahead of an anticipated second wave. A data-driven approach reveals three key strategies in tackling COVID-19. Our work here has definitively evaluated these strategies and serves as a warning to the US, and more importantly, a guide for tackling future pandemics. Also see the video abstract here https://youtu.be/gPkCi2_7tWo. © 2020 Wiley Periodicals LLC The main purpose of this present study is to elucidate the potential factors that have sustained the small and medium enterprises in the tourism sector in a developing nation like Ghana. Having considering the developmental contributions from the SMEs in the tourism sector to the nation, is it extremely important to dissect this course. The sustainability of SMEs in the tourism sector has always become an issue of discussion. It is of this course that the researchers took the step. A questionnaire of 102 responses was therefore received from the employees of the selected SMEs in the central of the country out of the 120 administered. A quantitative approach method was therefore deployed for the study. The selec-tion of the respondents for the data collection was by non-probability sampling technique specifically convenience sampling. A PLS-SEM software version ADANCO 2.0 version to use in data analysis. Consequently, the present study is beneficial to both industry players or policymakers in the sector of tourism among SMEs and has a valuable contribution to the literature by adding more knowledge positively to the positive factors contributing to the sustainability of tourism in developing na-tions using Ghana. © the authors, 2021. All Rights Reserved. Tourism reconfigures the metropolitan dynamics and the patterns of use of the urban systems. The seasonal nature of tourism produces an impact on the urban hierarchies, since it affects the labor, residential, and recreational markets. As a result, people move to and in the destination and it challenges the supply of sustainable modes of transport such as public transport. This research is set within the context of three demanding challenges that tourist destinations need to face-up: to increase environmental sustainability, to enhance destination competitiveness, and finally to assure quality and comfort of public transport services for the local resident population. Camp de Tarragona region, where Costa Daurada (one of the most important Spanish tourist brands) is located, is analyzed to illustrate how different data sources can aid to confront the aforementioned challenges. Given that seasonality is a dynamic phenomenon, suitable data should be flexible in terms of its time framework. To this end data from smart travel cards provided by the consortium that manages the public transport system in the region has been analyzed. Data unveiled the impact of seasonality on the evolution of demand throughout the year, the type of transport tickets used, or changes occurred in the geographical distribution of the mobility Alternative data sources such as surveys and passive mobile positioning data have also been examined, and their pros and cons have been addressed. © 2021 by Emerald Publishing Limited. There are various traditional handicraft works in China and they have formed different kinds of brands after years of inheritance and development. Because of the market economy, traditional handicrafts gradually transform from rather stable family inheritance to less stable enterprise inheritance. The construction of enterprise brands is beneficial to the inheritance and sustainable development of traditional handicrafts. By applying a data analysis method, this thesis takes “Rushanming”, a Ru Ware brand as an example to summarize and analyze the experience in constructing Chinese traditional handicraft brands in the we-media era. © 2021, Springer Nature Switzerland AG. As a promising IoT application, the rural leisure tourism industry can promote the reconstruction of industrial structure in rural areas and realize a sustainable, rapid, and healthy development of rural economy. This paper takes the rural leisure tourism industry in China as an example and aims at building an intelligent and integrated modern IoT use case. Based on the traditional rural leisure tourism, we improve the system by adding the data analysis over a mobile cloud IoT computing platform. In particular, this work investigates the characteristics of the national tourism market under the security requirements from governmental cloud data management policy. Our study shows that the geographical concentration index G of tourists in the Chinese market continues to increase. With the booming of IoT applications in rural leisure tourism, intelligent and integrated tourism guidance and optimized decision-making will provide tourists with better information and thus make rapid improvement of geographical concentration index. © 2021 Guangwei Wang. This study aims to explicate the strategical to take up to change. Employment of digitization of health technologies in health units of greater significance as digital transformation in healthcare plays an essential role in the improving the healthcare, knowledge transfer, and Performance system especially in developing countries and in pursuing of Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). This aim of this paper propose the factors of emerging technology usage that affect the healthcare transformation. In this Technological Innovations efficiently controls the records for documenting processes and transaction. The swift pace of digital transformation in health sector leaving healthcare providers no choice if they want to remain competitive. In Mobility Application (MA), cloud computing (CC), Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Big Data (BD). It is important for those who have to use the technology to accept it and to develop a better understanding of what factors lead to successful impact of these systems to improve implementation method. Essential to the quality of care and health of the society. Thus, these rationales exert that currently today providers of healthcare are embracing digital transformation in healthcare units. The benefits of digital transformation in health units are extremely compelling. They include a reduction in costs associated with employee travelling; reduction in time spent away from the patients and reduced information system (IS) in healthcare sector times. © 2020 IEEE. The objectives of this study are (1) to describe the changes in the tourism industry that have occurred due to COVID-19; (2) explain the adaptation strategies of tourism industry stakeholders to maintain the resilience of Tanjung Puting tourism destination during the COVID-19 pandemic, and (3) explain the government’s strategy in supporting tourism industry stakeholders to maintain the sustainability of Tanjung Puting tourism destinations during the COVID-19 pandemic. This is qualitative research; data was collected through in-depth interviews and the collection of published documents or information related to the Tanjung Puting tourism destination. The data analysis technique used in this study was interactive analysis. The results of the study found that the COVID-19 pandemic caused the tourism industry to experience dormancy, tourism stakeholders who lost income, switched to other sectors and looked for other alternative jobs. Tourism workers are currently doing jobs outside the tourism sector to survive, but when tourism is running normally, will return to their main jobs. The strategy undertaken by the government is to build resilience at the meso level, focusing on tourism destinations. The findings of this study suggest that tourism industry players are required to be creative and innovative in facing this pandemic. © 2020. The Author(s). Ridesourcing service has been playing an increasingly important role in urban travel, which it can be regard as a promising path towards urban sustainability because of its nature of “sharing”. This paper investigated the travel behavior of ridesourcing users, by considering pick-up and drop-off locations fusing Didi ridesourcing data and online Point of Interest (POI) data based on the Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) model. A case study was conducted in Chengdu, an Asian city. Firstly, the study area was tessellated with hexagons and then clustered into five hexagon types based on POI data. Then researchers analyzed information on spatial distribution of POI data in five hexagon types and temporal distribution of boarding and alighting ridership for five hexagon types. The validation results indicated that the expression “Nine to Ten” represents the mode of life for people in Chengdu. Ridesourcing is not yet being used as a commuter tool for most people. LDA model results also verified that many people work overtime in the evenings and especially on Saturday, even though Chengdu is often thought of as a “slow city”. The study will be useful for practitioners and government to implement effective policies about multi-modal transportation. © 2020 Purpose: The purpose of this study is twofold. First, this study elaborates an integrative conceptual framework of tourism destination competitive productivity (TDCP) by blending established destination competitiveness frameworks, the competitive productivity (CP) framework and studies pertaining to big data and big data analytics (BDA) within destination management information systems and smart tourism destinations. Second, this study examines the drivers of TDCP in the context of the ongoing 4th industrial revolution by conceptualizing the destination business intelligence unit (DBIU) as a platform able to create sustained destination business intelligence under the guise of BDA, useful to support destination managers to achieve the tourism destination’s economic objectives. Design/methodology/approach: In this work, the authors leverage both extant literature (under the guise of research on CP, tourism destination competitiveness [TDC] and destination management information systems) and empirical work (in the form of interviews and field work involving destination managers and chief executive officers of destination management organizations and convention bureaus, as well as secondary data) to elaborate, develop and present an integrative conceptual framework of TDCP. Findings: The integrative conceptual framework of TDCP elaborated has been found helpful by a number of destination managers trying to understand how to effectively and efficiently manage and market a tourism destination in today’s fast-paced, digital and hypercompetitive environment. While DBIUs are at different stages of implementation, often as part of broader smart destination initiatives, it appears that they are increasingly fulfilling the purpose of creating sustained destination business intelligence by means of BDA to help tourism destinations achieve their economic goals. Research limitations/implications: This work bears several practical implications for tourism policymakers, destination managers and marketers, technology developers, as well as tourism and hospitality firms and practitioners. Tourism policymakers could embed TDCP into tourism and economic policies, and destination managers and marketers might build and make use of platforms such as the proposed DBIU. Technology developers need to understand that designing destination management information systems in general and more specifically DBIUs requires an in-depth analysis of the stakeholders that are going to contribute, share, control and use BDA. Originality/value: To the best of the authors’ knowledge, this study constitutes the first attempt to integrate the CP, TDC and destination management information systems research streams to elaborate an integrative conceptual framework of TDCP. Second, the authors contribute to the Industry 4.0 research stream by examining the drivers of tourism destination CP in the context of the ongoing 4th industrial revolution. Third, the authors contribute to the destination management information systems research stream by introducing and conceptualizing the DBIU and the related sustained destination business intelligence. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited. In view of the characteristics of the complexity of public management and service content, the universality of service objects and the diversity of demands faced by current tourism industry development into a new stage of popularisation and industrialisation, this paper proposes a big data driven decision-making model to innovate tourism public management and service, and discusses the connotation, decision-making and implementation process under this decision-making mode. Through the construction of tourism public management and service framework based on big data, this paper discusses the elements, environment characteristics and promotion mode of the framework operation. The mode of tourism public management and service are reformed with decision-making and management based on big data. The problems solution efficiency, quality and services in current tourism industry are improved. Further, tourism public service in the sustainable development in tourism industry worldwide is promoted. © 2020 IEEE. Ecotourism is a practice of utilizing natural ecosystems to support education and conservation efforts. In the Special Region of Yogyakarta (SRY), Indonesia, two mangrove ecosystems have been designated as protected areas and ecotourism sites. However, it is undeniable that the need for space for infrastructure development has been detrimental to these areas. This research set out to identify changes occurring nearby mangrove ecosystems and the impacts they would potentially have in the future. It used a triangulation method that combined secondary data analysis, observation, and primary data collection through in-depth interviews. The observed coastal environments experienced, among others, extensive conversion of agricultural land for the Yogyakarta International Airport (YIA) construction, increased tourism growth and pressures, and varying artificial modifications in parts of mangrove ecosystems utilized for mass tourism; all of which could disrupt sustainability and reduce the ecological functions of mangroves. Intensive aquaculture and iron sand mining in the vicinity could also negatively affect the mangrove ecosystem and ecotourism. Within a certain period, these anthropogenic activities are most likely to pose significant threats to the preservation of mangrove ecotourism. Regional spatial plans are an example of instruments required to regulate sustainable spatial planning and protect mangrove ecosystems. © 2021 by ASERS® Publishing. All rights reserved. This paper investigates a low-carbon tourism online-to-offline(O2O) supply chain consisting of a tourist spot(TS) that is responsible for providing low-carbon service and an online tourism agency(OTA) that is in charge of providing big-data marketing effort. Under the context of low-carbon smart tourism empowered by big data, the impacts of big-data empowerment, consumer reference effect, channel preference, and enterprise altruistic behavior on the optimal decision making and performance of enterprises are discussed. Then, the optimal decision and performance of the firms in three decision modes (centralized, decentralized, and altruistic) are obtained with the help of differential game theory and Bellman's continuous dynamic planning theory. Our findings as follows are acquired through comparative analysis and sensitivity analysis of essential parameters. First, big-data marketing technology can personalize more low-carbon travel plans for tourists and enhance tourists' awareness of environmental protection. Besides, the low-carbon smart tourism supply chain empowered by big data could also have greater market potential. Thus, this marketing technology can subvert the traditional tourism business model and provide a more low-carbon, sustainable, and smart development path for the future of the tourism supply chain. Moreover, TS can continuously improve the level of low-carbon service because of the inspiration of consumers' reference low-carbon service effect, contributing to forming a virtuous cycle and stimulating the low-carbon, efficient, and sustainable development of the tourism supply chain. Furthermore, the cooperation among tourism supply chain members can be deepened by the altruistic preference between TS and OTA, resulting in not only enhancing the low-carbon goodwill and environmental benefits but also bringing a better experience for tourists. The findings indicate that the altruistic preference can simultaneously promote the sustainable development of low-carbon tourism supply chain and achieve supply chain coordination. At the end of the article, we also give the ideal operating status of the low-carbon smart O2O tourism supply chain empowered by big data. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd This study revisits the question of whether tourism development is an additional determinant of income or works through other standard income determinants. Both a panel data analysis from 2006 to 2015 and a cross-sectional country average analysis reveal that the incremental effect of tourism is significantly positive, suggesting that tourism is an additional determinant of income. Further analyses show that the income effect of tourism is contingent on some country characteristics: the positive income effect of tourism mainly appears in countries with weak policies or institutions for environmental sustainability or with better quality of overall infrastructure. These findings help enhance the understanding of the significant contribution of international tourism to the economic growth worldwide. The implication is that the governments of destination countries should fully support tourism development. © The Author(s) 2019. Rural Eco-tourism has become an important engine to promote rural revitalization in China. With the improvement of the application of Internet plus technology in rural areas, the characteristic resources of rural Eco-tourism can be optimized and allocated through Internet technology in the development and design. In this paper, using the correlation feature extraction method of rural ecological tourism resources of feature extraction and forecasting, construct Internet plus under the background of big data fusion and adaptive resource allocation of rural Eco-tourism development model, and according to the characteristics of the ecological tourism resources of clustering, subspace model is proposed for rural Eco-tourism resources distribution. The proposed model improves the performance allocation of Eco-tourism resources in rural areas and promotes the sustainable development of rural tourism. Finally, the performance of China’s rural Eco-tourism is tested through simulation experiments. The simulation results show that the rural Eco-tourism resources are well allocated and balanced, and the mining and integration ability of tourism resources is improved. At the same time, this paper also found that the big data mining and feature clustering of Eco-tourism resources can promote the development of rural Eco-tourism. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG. Road traffic congestion is one of the challenging problems confronting city dwellers globally. It is majorly caused by either one or a combination of recurrent congestion, nonrecurrent congestion, and precongestion conditions in urban road networks. This chapter performs a bibliometric analysis and reviews the volume of literature linking big data with combating road traffic congestion between 2011 and 2020. The review employs a quantitative analysis of bibliometric science mapping tool to highlight features that affect knowledge accumulation. The chapter also reviews the intellectual structure of knowledge based on total publications and citations. The key scholars, documents, affiliations, regions, data, and algorithms that influenced the development of this research area are analyzed. The results of documents co-citation evaluation show that the key research clusters are salient elements linked with the development and deployment of connected and autonomous vehicles (CAVs) technology. These research clusters are traffic flow prediction, congestion and accidents alert systems, security and privacy mitigation, vehicle emission profiles, travel time estimation, optimization of vehicular routing, journey planning and congestion prediction, and travel and parking guidance. Finally, the chapter presents the way forward and future research direction for sustainable road traffic management in the context of smart city initiatives leveraging on big data. © 2021, Springer Nature Switzerland AG. Drawing on integrated concepts of marketing strategy and destination image, this study proposes and develops a model of antecedent and consequence behaviour for sustainable tourism. A survey of 505 tourists was conducted. In the antecedent model, perceived risk may indirectly affect travel behaviour through psychological involvement and destination image. In the consequence model, we found that marketing strategy was related to increased destination impression and thus enhanced sustainable tourism intention. Specifically, it is not surprising that in a big data environment, new technology sharing may also enhance the positive evaluation of destinations that encourage sustainable behaviour. © 2021 Asia Pacific Tourism Association. Many cities around the world face the challenge of an aging population. A full understanding of the mobility behavior characteristics of the elderly is one necessary and urgent consideration as regards the current aging trend if sustainable urban development is to be fully realized. This paper presents a systematic approach to analyzing the dynamic mobility characteristics of the elderly who travel by bus using smart card big data. The characteristics include temporal distribution, travel distance, travel duration, travel frequency, and also the spatial distribution of such travelers. The findings of these mobility characteristics can directly contribute to both public transport policy making, service, and management. In this study, the analytics of the elderly are also compared with that of the average adult group so as to identify both the similarities and differences between the two groups. Beijing, a megacity, with a very high life expectancy and in which the bus is the dominant mode of public transport for the elderly, was used as the study area. The significance of this research concerns a newly developed systematic approach that is able to analyze the dynamic mobility characteristics of the elderly using smart card data. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. This study initially carried out mapping geodiversity along the Citarum River area and identified the potential for Citarum geotourism, mapping stakeholders in Citarum geotourism. Of the nine sectors (Upper Citarum Zone) of the Citarum River Area mapped, one village can represent the geotourism area, namely Cibeureum Village, Kertasari District, Bandung Regency. This research's research type is PAR (Participatory Action Research) with primary and secondary data collection. Meanwhile, data analysis uses qualitative and quantitative analysis methods (mixed method), content analysis, map analysis, geodiversity analysis, and is equipped with qualitative and quantitative descriptive analysis methods. The results of this study indicate that community participation has yielded benefits for local communities. However, many things need to be provided to the community from various skills to benefit all parties, including maintaining geodiversity sustainability in the geotourism area. © 2021 Editura Universitatii din Oradea. All rights reserved. Background: Canine rabies is endemic in Ethiopia and presents a significant burden for both animal and human health. We investigate barriers to dog vaccination in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. These results can be utilized to improve and target future rabies control efforts. Methodology/Principle findings: During May of 2017, dog owners were surveyed during a free canine rabies vaccination programs that utilized both door-to-door (DtD) and central point (CP) vaccination methods. Surveys collected information on preferences for rabies vaccine delivery and were administered in Amharic. A total of 1057 surveys were completed. Of those surveyed, 62.4 % indicated that their dogs had been vaccinated against rabies within the last year. Commonly reported barriers to vaccination were a lack of awareness that dogs required rabies vaccines (18.1 %) and lack of knowledge about where to find vaccine (15.0 %). The median price owners were willing to pay for vaccination was 25 birr ($0.91 USD) and the median distance willing to travel was 1.0 km; however, 48.9 % of those surveyed during DtD were unwilling to travel at all. We identified 3 classes of respondents who were grouped due to their responses by latent class analysis: ‘the Unaware’, ‘the Vaccinators’, and ‘the Multiple Barriers’. Conclusions/Significance: Although many respondents were willing to pay for rabies vaccine (94.0 %); the preferred cost (median) was less than the actual cost of providing the vaccine. This supports the need for reduced-cost or free vaccine to achieve and sustain the 70 % vaccine coverage target threshold for canine rabies elimination. Additionally, a significant portion (41.5 %) of those surveyed indicated that they were unwilling to travel in order to have their dog vaccinated. The latent class analysis provides useful guidance on how to reach target vaccination. Owners from ‘the Unaware’ group made up 18.1 % of respondents and their high rate of allowing their dogs to roam identifies them as a prime target for canine health and behavior education. ‘The Multiple Barriers’ owners reported lower degrees of dog roaming and were substantially more likely to be found by DtD campaigns, possibly because they have limited ability/interest in handling their dogs. These results demonstrate the importance of incorporating DtD vaccination as well as subsidies to maximize vaccine coverage in Addis Ababa. © 2021 Elsevier B.V. The excavated eco-tourism big data contains a lot of useless data, which not only consumes the analysis time, but also affects the data analysis results. In response to such problems, a method for mining eco-tourism big data for environmental protection and sustainable development is proposed. Laplace feature mapping method is used to reduce the dimensionality of agro-ecological tourism big data, and the agro-ecological tourism big data after dimensionality reduction is cleaned on the basis of time series analysis. Then the processed agro-ecological tourism big data are input into the convolutional neural network to obtain the corresponding parameter matrix by training the eco-tourism big data and construct a convolutional neural network model containing the Caffe framework. Finally, the big data mining of agro-ecological tourism is achieved. The experimental results show that the mining time of the proposed method in multiple iterations is less than 0.4s, and the obtained mining accuracy is higher than other methods, which promotes the industrialization and sustainable development of agro-ecological tourism. © 2020 Parlar Scientific Publications. All rights reserved. While we acknowledge that air transport has an environmental impact, we disagree with commentators who currently argue that as a result aviation has no future. On the contrary, we see the future of air transport as one that continuous to be positively disturbed by innovation both technological and management wise. If aviation would be measured as a country's GDP it would be 21st in the world and we think that the economic, social, and cultural impact of that industry will only become stronger. Alternative fuels (e.g., electric), ultra-long-haul flying for all and supersonic-flying for some, the drone revolution (including flying cars that require air transport management), big data influencing strategy, digitization, space travel, and most importantly integrated door to door transport for both passenger and freight value chains will all help to make air transport as a service not only a more efficient but also a more valued ecosystem. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved This paper proposes a modal-shift analysis methodology based on a mix of small-scale primary data and big data sources to estimate the total amount of trips that are reallocated to transportation network companies (TNCs) services in Bogotá, Colombia. The analysis is focused on the following four modes: public transportation, private vehicles, conventional taxis, and TNC services. Based on a stated preferences survey and secondary databases of travel times and costs, the paper proposes a methodology to estimate the reallocation of travel demand once TNCs start operating. Results suggests that approximately one third of public transportation trips are potentially transferred to TNCs. Moreover, potential taxi and private vehicle-transferred trips account for almost 30% of the new TNC demand. Additionally, approximately half of the trips that are reallocated from public transport demand can be considered as complementary, while the remaining share can be considered as potential replacing trips of public transportation. The paper also estimates the potential increase in Vehicle-km travelled in each of the modes before and after substitution as a proxy to the effects of demand reallocation on sustainability, finding increases between 1.3 and 14.5 times the number of Vehicle-km depending on the mode. The paper highlights the role of open data and critical perspectives on available information to analyze potential scenarios of the introduction of disruptive technologies and their spatial, social, and economic implications. © 2020 by the authors. People and their communities are looking for transportation solutions that reduce travel time, improve well-being and accessibility, and reduce emissions and traffic congestion. Although new mobility services like ride-hailing advertise improvements in these areas, closer inspection has revealed a discrepancy between industry claims and reality. Key decision-makers, including citizens, cities and enterprise, and mobility service providers have the opportunity to leverage connected vehicle and connected device data through cloud-based APIs. We propose a GHG data analytics framework that functions on top of a cloud platform to provide unique system-level perspectives on operating transportation services, from procuring the most environmentally and people friendly vehicles to scheduling and designing the services based on data insights. The motivation behind such an approach is two-fold: First, quantification enables transparency to build trust between the mobility service provider and their constituent communities; and second, identifying and acting to improve sustainability improves profitability. Using a benchmark problem with real-world vehicle and mobile device data, we demonstrate the functionality of our GHG analytics framework. © 2020 Ford Motor Company. This study aimed to identify green open spaces in Makassar City and evaluate the achievement of Makassar City green open space target based on the 2005-2015 spatial planning document. This research was conducted by collecting, managing primary data and secondary data in the form of spatial and attribute data. Analog spatial data was converted into digital spatial data using the Geographic Information System by digitizing the map using the Arcgis 10.3 application. Following the desk work, a field survey was conducted to determine the existing condition of the field. Based on the evaluation of the city spatial plan, this study introduced 17 typologies of land coverages. The evaluation of green area in 2017 revealed there were 3 zones with green area that were larger than the target set by the Makassar City spatial plan for 2005-2015. They are the maritime area zone, and research and cultural development zone. However. there were other zones whose green areas found in this study to be smaller than the target according to Makassar City spatial plan 2005-2015. These zones were the city center and port areas, industrial and warehousing zones, global business zone, settlement, airports, sports, education and business and tourism zones. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. Excess commuting refers to wasteful journey-to-work travel, resulting from the non-optimal spatial configuration of residences and workplaces. Traditionally, this concept has been employed to analyse the efficiency of the urban structure. This paper, however, examines the spatial equity of excess commuting, which is an essential component of a sustainable urban transport system. The Gini coefficient and GIS mapping are used to measure this spatial equity, supported by data from Seoul’s Tmoney transit card system. Results show the vulnerable regions in terms of horizontal equity of excess commuting in Seoul. Transit supply and jobs-housing balance are identified as the core factors affecting excess commuting in relation to spatial disparities. However, an evaluation of Seoul’s ambitious plan of light-rail construction is considered to be not very helpful in mitigating the current spatial inequality of excess commuting in the city. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Asia, particularly China, has become an attractive market that receives much attention in the Norwegian tourism industry. This raises relevant questions about the sustainability of the Chinese tourism boom. If the Norwegian tourism industry increasingly targets this rapidly growing market with larger investments, it should respond to the prospects of long-term growth. Such prospects hinge on the economic drivers behind the influx of Chinese tourists. In this study, we use both descriptive data analysis and the ARDL model to investigate the main economic factors that drive Chinese tourists to Norway. Specifically, we investigate whether the boom of the Chinese tourists is a relatively stable trend associated with the growing Chinese economy or just a short-term phenomenon brought by the weakened NOK. Our findings suggest instead of the well-recognized Chinese economic growth, it is the improving price competitiveness of Norway resulting from the weakening Norwegian kroner that has made the boom of the Chinese tourists in Norway. This result suggests although the income effect is significant in affecting aggregate tourist flow from a source country, for a single destination, price competitiveness is the key to make a destination attractive since the substitution effects of other destinations are huge and the income effect becomes uncertain. © 2020, © 2020 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. This research aims at evaluating the effectiveness of Karawang community empowerment program in order to create sustainable tourism. The innovation of the community development and empowerment program is direct training for those who can improve the knowledge, attitudes, and behavior of the community in realizing sustainable tourism in Karawang. This research is experimental research with the cross-sectional approach because of the data obtained through treatment in a short time to compare differences in knowledge before and after treatment (counseling and training). The research subjects of this study were productive age housewives consisting of 30 people. From the data analysis, it can be concluded that the results of the questionnaire showed that most participants had a very positive reaction to this community development and empowerment activity. The results of the analysis by the Wilcoxon test showed that negative ranks were 0, positive ranks were 25, and ties were 2. From the results of tests given to participants, it was known that in general, the participants experienced an increase in waste management value by 24%. This shows that community development and empowerment carried out in Segaran Village, Karawang, West Java showed a positive impact. There are significant differences in knowledge and skills between before training and after training. This results can be applied to the development and empowerment of communities in various other aspects, especially in increasing the potential of a region to support sustainable tourism. © 2020 IOP Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Ge, J., 2020. Study on tourism experience perception of near-shore island based on big data analysis. In: Bai, X. and Zhou, H. (eds.), Advances in Water Resources, Environmental Protection, and Sustainable Development. Journal of Coastal Research, Special Issue No. 115, pp. 139-141. Coconut Creek (Florida), ISSN 0749-0208. With the rapid development of China's economy, many people are not satisfied with the material pursuit, they want to pursue a spiritual pursuit, want to enjoy the spirit, so the rise of the tourism industry is just the choice for their kind of people, so in a large area of the world there is a rapid upsurge of tourism, the choice of places for tourism is nothing more than mountains, rivers, ocean islands, or places of interest, historical buildings and so on, and this article is to focus on island tourism, some small coastal areas of the place, The development of small island tourism is a good way to revitalize its economic benefits, and it can also promote the economic income of the surrounding residents. Although the development of tourism will have a certain impact on the local economy and environment, but the impact can also be positive or negative, everything has its opposite, are contradictory, like science and technology is a double-edged sword, so this paper from the big data analysis of the perception of tourism near-shore island, from the perspective of coastal residents to understand the impact of tourism, not only to help us understand the development of tourism, but also to understand the impact of the development of tourist islands on the surrounding residents and the attitude of residents, At the same time, it is also helpful for the people concerned to plan how to develop the island tourism scientifically, make rational use of the natural resources of the island, and enhance the protection of the island tourism.  © Coastal Education and Research Foundation, Inc. 2020. Coal hauling is the key to sustainable coal supply, especially for electricity supply and other economic sectors. This paper aims to optimize coal haul trip times based on the topography of specific roads and their impact on air pollution. To measure it, we need the right concept using a representative tool. The use of methods in the research data analysis is a topographic analysis using GPS Garmin, GPS tracker, Smart GPS tracker system software, KML (Keyhole Markup Language), and Google earth pro. For air pollution based on previous studies.Analysis of travel time optimization based on special road topography in coal-hauling includes applying the planned speed of coal-hauling is 40 km/hour for trucks with loaded and 60 km/hour for trucks without load, there was a decrease in travel time ranging from 31.4%-40% for trucks with loaded and trucks without load by 25.5%-31.7%. Analysis of the sensitivity of straight road slope resulting in a 4-6 minute reduction in travel time. Optimizing the travel time can increase by four travel cycles. Environmentally-conscious vertical grade construction is practical and economically profitable. Controlling speed reduction will mitigate the detrimental environmental effects of truck movements. © 2020Alpha Publishers. All rights reserved. The purpose of this study is to apply the concept of a green image in order to explore how to form behavioral intentions in the context of eco-friendly edible insect restaurants. This study analyzed 444 samples collected in South Korea in order to evaluate the theoretical model including 12 hypotheses. The data analysis results showed that a green image has a positive influence on attitude. In addition, attitude helps to increase desire, which in turn positively affects two sub-dimensions of behavioral intentions, such as intentions to use and word-of-mouth intentions. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. The protection of rare species is an urgent task for all of mankind, however this task is challenging because it is usually difficult to determine their numbers and spatial distribution. Firmiana danxiaensis H. H. Hsue & H. S. Kiu, J. S. (Malvaceae), which is listed at the highest grade of critically endangered (CR) plants in the first volume of "The China Species Red List," can be found at Danxiashan Mountain, one of the six World Nature Heritage sites of China Danxia, in Northern Guangdong Province, China. At present, UAV low-altitude photogrammetry technology can complete and produce orthophoto maps of 1:2000 resolution and high-precision DEM data, and has a high application value in the collection and research of rare species' basic data. For this study, UAV technology was used especially for mapping, quantifying and monitoring plant species. F. danxiaensis is a good fit for automated identification from UAV imagery due to its leaf coloration making it stand out during the end of October. A fixed-wing UAV was used to aerially survey the Zhanglao Peak Tourist Area of Danxiashan Mountain (the aerial survey area is 4.25 km2) and the valleys and cliffs where it is difficult to conduct field surveys. 638 high-precision image data were obtained. Photoscan software was used to produce mosaic image data, an orthophoto map, and DEM data. Analyses of the targets' locations and data visualizations were done with Arc GIS 10.5 software. 1,515 individuals of F. danxiaensis have been found in the aerial survey area. The results suggest that the red line boundary of ecological protection should be delineated in the densely distributed areas of F. danxiaensis, and scientific research plans should be formulated to protect the rare species and their natural environment so as to ensure sustainable development and utilization for human beings. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. Agritourism is long established and the interest in diversification of agricultural enterprises into tourism has increased. However, many challenges have emerged regarding the lack of appropriate skills, strategic planning, Information Systems (IS), as well as increased costs in production processes. In Greece, the contribution of agritourism to economic growth has increased in the last decade, but the relationship between the agricultural sector and agritourism is a reason for certain people having largely taken advantage from the development of tourism in a specific area. Greek businesses operating in the agritourism sector are seeking long-term sustainability. However, they lack strategic planning and effective use of IS. As the strategic implementation of Information Technology (IT) in Small Medium Enterprises (SMEs) in the agritourism sector is under-researched, this paper aims to investigate how the process of Strategic Information Systems Planning (SISP) affects the success of Greek SMEs in the agritourism industry. IS executives completed the survey and ANOVA analysis was used for data analysis. The findings of the paper indicate that IS executives do not focus on the analysis of the external environment and the evaluation of opportunities for IS development. In addition, the lack of formulation of the IT strategy creates inefficient and unsuccessful IT projects. © 2020 by the authors. Banana is an important commercial fruit crop for smallholder farmers in Arba Minch, southern Ethiopia. However, its sector is experiencing many constraints and limited attention given to productivity and marketing. Therefore, this study was conducted to analyze the banana value chain in order to identify constraints on productivity and marketing, and possibilities of improvements towards a sustainable value chain in Arba Minch. Data were collected through a survey, key informants’ interviews, and focus group discussions. Different analytical and statistical tools were used for data analysis. Results describe actors, supporters, and influencers of the existing banana chain. The current banana chain has three different distribution channels in Arba Minch. The channel that connects with rural consumers has the highest value share for farmers while the channel that includes traveling traders has the lowest value share for farmers. The marketing cooperative channel has an intermediate value share for farmers in the chain. Poor agronomic practice, diseases, pests, and climate change were the major constraints for the banana yield while limited market information, lack of cold store and refrigerated trucks, poor post-harvest handling, lack of alternative markets, and weak capacity of cooperatives were the main constraints for banana marketing in Arba Minch. Economic, social and environmental indicators have a moderate sustainability performance within the Ethiopian context. The chain has an advantage in terms of profitability, employment, emission of air pollutants and constraints in terms of coordination, value share, profit margin, market diversity, product and market information, transportation, waste management, and safety and hygiene. © 2020 The Author(s). This open access article is distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) 4.0 license. In the tourism industry, environmental marketing is an emerging issue that recommends using green products, e.g. healthy food, ozone-friendly products, eco-friendly accommodation, eco-friendly transportation and refillable, reusable, recyclable products. The aim of this chapter is to know the tourists’ purchasing behaviour response in environment-friendly products and also focus on the main factors of environmental marketing that are influential to the tourists’ purchase intention of green products in Bangladesh. This chapter is mainly descriptive in nature and is based on a mixture of primary and secondary data. It proposes an approach to develop the conceptual framework of variables, e.g. environmental attitude, green perceived quality, environment concerns, health and safety concerns, price awareness and purchase behaviour intention of environmental-friendly and green tourism products and services. Primary data was collected with a questionnaire method addressing tourists who have purchased green products previously. A two-stage approach to structural equation modelling (SEM) and path analysis were performed for data analysis by using SmartPLS. Moreover, this chapter will explain the theory of planned behaviour (TPB) in the context of sustainable tourism or ecotourism in Bangladesh. A summary of the main findings of the chapter is that green purchase intention has a positive significant relationship with environmental attitude, green perceived quality, environment concerns and health and safety concerns, whereas awareness of price has a negative influence on green purchase intention towards environmental-friendly and green tourism products and services. Finally, this current chapter addresses managerial implications, challenges and suggestions for tourism products and services development in the sustainable tourism market in Bangladesh. The chapter will help tourist agencies, the tourism industry and marketers to increase in value and be more considerate to tourists’ current needs or demands for safer and better environmental-friendly products. © 2021 selection and editorial matter, Md. Nekmahmud. Lantebung mangrove ecotourism area has now been designated as a conservation and protection area for coastal ecosystems. The management of the Lantebung mangrove ecotourism area is inseparable from various parties, both from the government and the community around the ecotourism area, to support the success of mangrove ecotourism management. This study aims: to determine the role and interests of each actor in the management of the Lantebung mangrove ecotourism area. The data collection method is used in three stages, namely: snowball samplin method, data triagulation and data verification is done by content analysis. The data analysis stage of this research: identification of actors and their roles, analysis of the interests of the actors and mapping of the interests and effects of each actor. The results showed that the actors involved were Jekomala, Lurah Bira, Makassar city tourism office, fishermen group, marine and fisheries service of South Sulawesi, analysis of interests contained in the Green Belt, biodiversity, education and tourism. Mapping the interests and influence of Keyplayers : Jekomala, Makassar city tourism office, context setter: marine and fisheries service, Birah urban village, subject: Lantebung fishermen group. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. Built heritage resources (BHRs) are multidimensional assets that need to be conceived under a sustainability and circular economy framework. Whereas it is essential that their conservation, management, and enjoyment are sustainable, it is also necessary that the environmental, cultural, and socio-economic contexts in which they are integrated are sustainable too. Like other amenities, BHRs can improve the quality of the urban environment and generate externalities; additionally, they may influence sectors such as real estate, hospitality, and tourism. In this framework, this contribution aims to identify spatial relationships occurring between BHRs and short-term rentals (STRs), i.e., a recent economic phenomenon facilitated by platforms such as Airbnb. Through the application of Exploratory Spatial Data Analysis techniques and taking Turin (Italy) as a case study, this article provides evidence that spatial correlation patterns between BHRs and STRs exist, and that the areas most affected by STRs are the residential neighborhoods located in the proximity of the historic center of the city. Relations with other sets of socio-economic variables are highlighted too, and conclusions suggest that future studies are essential not only to monitor sustainability issues and reflect on new housing models and sustainable uses of buildings, but also to understand the evolution of the phenomenon in light of the pandemic Covid-19. © 2020 by the authors. Air transport is a fundamental element for the development of global tourism. Forecasts in both sectors indicate a continued, solid and indisputable growth. This study aims to gain an understanding of air transport sustainability from an energy supply perspective and to compare the criticality for tourism and air transport of a potential oil scarcity crisis with the climate change threat caused by emissions of greenhouse gases. The evolution of energy, air transport and tourism and the future projections of these industries are analyzed in order to obtain an integrated understanding of energy supply and environmental sustainability in all three sectors. A “mixed” methodology has been used where an analysis of statistical data and forecasts for the energy, air transport and tourism sectors is cross-compared with the results of a qualitative methodology exercise based on participant observation and in-depth interviews with experts. Both the data analysis and the information gathered from the experts confirm the higher degree of urgency and the imminent impact of the climate change scenario in the air transport and tourism sectors compared to a potential oil or energy scarcity. Since the aircraft propulsion system energy paradigm is not going to change in the medium-term and since air transport and tourism growth, with a guaranteed oil supply, are not imminently endangered, both sectors will progressively increase their relevance as contributors to climate change. However, improvements in other sectors with a greater relevance in fuel consumption and emission generation will relativize said increase when analyzed in global terms. Emissions offset schemes are identified as a mechanism necessary to achieve the goal of stabilizing or reducing air transport emissions. However, their implementation needs to be carefully studied as there are inherent risks if they are devised as a mere product for the financial market. © 2020 Instituto Universitario de Investigaciones Turisticas. All rights reserved. Economic growth is one of the most important targets of economic policy. Policy-makers should protect the environment while ensuring economic growth. This process is defined as sustainable economic development. Many concepts have been used in the literature to measure sustainable economic development. One of these concepts is employment. Tourism sector is important for sustainable economic development due to its share in economy. Moreover, tourism contributes sustainable economic development via creating employment. For this reason, in this study, the relations between tourism sector and employment have been employed by the period of 2004–2017 in level 2 subregions of Turkey. For this purpose, the panel causality method developed by Holtz-Eakin et al. (in Econometrica 56(6):1371–1395, 1988) has been used. According to the empirical findings obtained from the estimations, there are bidirectional causality relations between tourism sector and total woman employment and a unidirectional causality from tourism sector to total employment. The importance of these empirical findings is that regional tourism increases regional employment. Moreover, tourism contributes sustainable economic development via creating employment. Consequently, the study suggests the development of regional tourism. © 2020, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. This study aims to explore factors that affect effective management of cultural tourism site. This is a quantitative study that aims to determine key factors that affect Chinese tourists’ decisions in terms of effective cultural tourism resource management at Thai temples. The study collected data from 1,600 tourists of Chinese nationality. These tourists were selected through non proportional quota sampling with the accidental sampling method from a population of Chinese tourists in Bangkok. Multiple regression was applied to the data analysis. The study found that certain variables can predict the decision of tourists to score cultural tourism resource management at a statistically significant level of.05. These variables include: cultural tourism’s value perception; conservation awareness for cultural tourism resources; conservation tourism resource knowledge; those aged from 30–45; those aged more than 46 years; students; government staff; businessmen; and employees. The findings should be useful for promoting and managing planner in the cultural destination in promoting sustainable tourism in cultural destinations. © 2020 Kasetsart University. The Brazilian coast is over 7000 kilometers long with many different ecosystems. Among these, are the beaches, dominated by the high dynamism caused by the action of oceanographic agents (tides, waves and currents). Human occupation of the coast for living, and the economic use of the coast (ports, tourism, fishing), increase the possibility of damaging this ecosystem. Coastal vulnerability studies are an important tool for the management of these areas, predicting how an environment can cope or recover from extreme events, for example, the rising sea level. This study aims to improve vulnerability evaluation of coastal areas, contributing to a more efficient, accountable and sustainable coastal management. To test the concept, an area at coastal Maricá, a municipality in Rio de Janeiro State, Brazil, was used. This coastline is comprised of a long sandy beach limited by rocky coastal shores. A vulnerability index was calculated from GIS data analysis of geomorphology, coastal slope, shoreline migration, tidal range, maximum height of the waves, sea level change scenario evaluation, dune height, and urban density variables for the various coastline sectors. About a third (34.69%) of the coasts have very high vulnerability, while have 34.03% high vulnerability, 25.33% have moderate and 5.95% have low vulnerability. Results obtained contribute to the planning and management of the study area, providing a tool for local environmental analysis, and establish a ranking of priorities for public action, based on different levels of vulnerability found to shoreline of Maricá. © 2020 Sociedade Brasileira de Cartografia, Geodesia. The operationalization of knowledge towards sustainability, climate changes issues, "overtourism", development, communities' attachment and "tourisation" are very important fields of study, since they may help to design and implement long-term policies in the tourism sector. This is recognized as a strategic sector, because of the global impact that tourism has on several economies and on sustainable development. Generational issues, climate change, global effects and big data have become very important issues in this industry. In order to reach the sustainable and smart tourism goals, it is necessary to design new policies to match theory and practices. The authors performed an extensive literature review of empirical research-regarding sustainable and smart tourism, community attachment, consumer preferences change and knowledge management-to grasp the tourism sector challenges and the current state of art of the literature. The results point out that research that involves, smart tourism, local communities and consumer preferences changes with the KM research is still scarce. © 2020 Academic Conferences Limited. All rights reserved. Cultural heritage is created by people all around the world in a long history. Heritage sites connect with normal people on the tourism aspect and present close relationships with people's normal life. However, some problems have appeared in the cultural heritage sites' establishment process, such as being over commercialised, over developed, and damaging the nature. To maintain the balance between human living and nature and improve the cultural heritage popularity, work should be done with all available technologies, like AI and Creative Computing. AI can be used for supervising the cultural heritage area for the protection aim. The back propagation neural network is used in this research for supervising and protecting the heritage site. Meanwhile, the cultural heritage tourism value is a kernel index to evaluate people's interest in the heritage. To enhance the popularity of cultural heritage, improving the tourism value of cultural heritage is required. As artificial intelligence can complete complex data analysis, the cultural heritage value elements can be fully explored by this method. The tourism elements of the cultural heritage can be expanded with the associated learning algorithm connected with public databases. Novel elements could be discovered, for example by attempting different combinations of heritages. Based on Boden's theory, the transformational method can achieve creativity. Therefore, traditional elements can be replaced by novel elements to generate new tourism element sets that can be applied in the cultural heritage sites. Then, creative computing theories are used for combining computer techniques and tourism activities to complete the cultural heritage protection and tourism value improvement. Furthermore, the performability of this approach is considered as imperative characteristics during the approach generation process. Achieving sustainability and dependability are necessary for the approach (or services, systems and so forth) application in target realms. The entire workflow of this approach for evaluating tourism value and identifying novel fusions among tourism elements has positive influences on approach performance. A system could be developed based on this approach, which would have stable outputs for improving tourism values. © 2020 Totem Publisher, Inc. All rights reserved. Nowadays, the traditional teacher-centered way of teaching seems to be anachronistic. Disabled people, and not only, face difficulties to follow the current educational methods. The evolution of technology can offer significant benefits in these problems. Cutting-edge technologies, such as as Internet of Things (IoT), Cloud Computing (CC), Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN), Big Data Analytics (BDA), Compressed Sensing (CS), Augmented Reality/Virtual Reality (AR/VR) and 5G Networking can contribute in the field of smart education. However, smart education is currently in an embryonic 2D data representational state. In this paper, we propose a new Revolutionary Interactive Smart Classroom (RISC) which will provide a virtual environment for enhanced learning experience, based on 5G Network. This classroom will also make use of 3D virtual services in combination with haptic equipment and sensors, in order to carry out augmented human sensing information and touch into the virtual class. The advantages of such a classroom will be the sustainability in many fields, such as Society, Education, Environment, Economics, Technology and Cultural Tourism.  © 2020 IEEE. Smart City is an emerging concept in global urban development. A Smart City applies ICT technologies to provide greater efficiencies for its urban areas and civilian population. One of the key requirements for a Smart City is to exploit data from its ICT infrastructure (such as Internet of Things connected sensors) to improve city services and features such as accessibility and sustainability. To address this requirement, the City of Melbourne (COM) Smart City office maintains several hundred data sets relating to urban activity and development. These datasets address parking, mobility, land use, 3D data, statistics, environment, and major city developments such as rail projects. One promising dataset relates to pedestrian traffic. Data are obtained from sensors and updated on the COM website (City of Melbourne Open Data Platform: https://data.melbourne.vic.gov.au/.) at regular intervals. These data include the number of pedestrians passing 53 specific locations in the central business district and also their times and directions of travel. In a 24 h period, over 650,000 pedestrians were counted passing all locations. Peak rates of several thousand pedestrians per minute are regularly recorded during city rush hours at hotspots making the data amenable to Big Data analysis techniques. Results are obtained in graphical format as heatmaps and charts of city pedestrian traffic using both Microsoft Excel® for static analysis and PowerBI® for more advanced interactive visualisation and analysis. These findings can identify pedestrian hotspots and inform future locations of traffic lights and street configurations to make the city more pedestrian friendly. Further, the experience gained can be used to examine other data sets such as bicycle traffic that can be analysed to inform city infrastructure projects. Future work is suggested that could link these pedestrian flow data with social media data from smartphones and potentially wearable devices such as fitness monitors to correlate pedestrian satisfaction with traffic flow. The ‘happiness’ effect of pedestrians passing through green areas such as city parks can also be quantified. This research was undertaken with the assistance of Swinburne University under its Capstone Project scheme. © 2020, © 2020 Antai College of Economics and Management, Shanghai Jiao Tong University. In our study we are examining the sustainable tourism utilization of Nádasdy Castle and its role in the tourism of the spa town of Sárvár, which is becoming more and more well-known in Western Hungary because of its outstanding historical-cultural value, as a sustainable development of one of Hungary’s most important sights. In order to explore the future development possibilities of the castle, known as the symbol of the city, it is essential to analyze the development tendencies determining the tourism of Sárvár and the tourist area of the settlement. The fundamental goal of our research is to answer the question of what priorities can be developed in tourism of Sárvár in the future. Among the segments forming the tourist destination of the city, we are particularly concerned about those ones, which are in connection with history or culture, and which are interested in the increasing number of people with disabilities in the tourism market. Accessible tourism is an added value of sustainable development of cultural heritage. In our research we used both quantitative data analysis and qualitative methods, the existing secondary data were complemented with the primary data collection with the city’s tourism space, attractions, local economy, and with the city’s tourist target groups, including disabled people. © 2020, Historical Society of Southern Primorska of Koper. All rights reserved. As Dalian, China, is a touristic city, optimization of the touristic space plan has become increasingly important for its sustainable development. In recent years, big data, GIS, computer simulation and other technologies have been applied widely in the field of tourism spatial planning research. However, the integration of those information technology-based methods with the sustainable urban development framework has not been sufficiently studied to suggest how to optimize the spatial planning strategies for scenic spots in urban areas. This paper aims to propose a method for optimizing the layout of tourism space based on the sustainable urban development framework. We used five districts, including the centre of Dalian, as the background for the evolution of scenic spots; simultaneously, we used integrated methods including kernel density estimation (KDE) and spatial syntax, to analyse the spatial pattern of tourism in Dalian. We used big data from the three most authoritative evaluation websites in China, to collect the current popularity and location data of scenic spots. According to the analysis of spatiotemporal patterns, and transportation accessibility of each scenic spot, the results show that there are some problems in the network of tourist attractions, such as low connectivity and unbalanced distribution. Therefore, we propose a method for optimizing the geographical views of spatial structure for tourist attractions in Dalian, as a countermeasure of sustainable urban development. © 2020 WIT Press. Background: Despite significant gains in the HIV epidemic in South Africa, with reduction in mortality and elimination of vertical transmission, national HIV prevalence remains high, with women rather than men continuing to bear higher burden of the disease. Population subgroups, through ignorance, disbelief or recklessness, continue to engage in risky sexual behaviour. A substantial proportion of minibus taxi drivers engage in risky sex, seldom seeing themselves at risk for STIs or HIV/AIDS. These taxi drivers have been linked with so-called taxi queens, with whom they engage in transactional and intergenerational relationships. Objectives: The study explored condom use and condom negotiation strategies among taxi drivers and taxi queens in Kwa-Zulu-Natal, South Africa. Methods: Applying explorative qualitative design, we conducted focus group discussion and individual interviews among participants who were purposively recruited in KwaZulu-Natal. Results: Qualitative data analysis revealed that condom use and negotiation are sources of conflict for the participants. In addition, the strategies employed by participants to ensure condom usage are not always sustainable and are likely to be problematic due to a variety of complex factors. Conclusion: Our study concludes by recommending a nested public health response that takes cognizance of factors that promote sustainable condom use strategies among this population subgroup. © 2020 Mchunu GG et al. Data science has become an important research topic across scientific disciplines. In Process Systems Engineering, one attempt to create true value from process data is to use it proactively to improve the quality and accuracy of production planning as often a schedule based on statistical average data is outdated already when reaching the plant floor. Thus, due to the hierarchical planning structures, it is difficult to quickly adapt a schedule to changing conditions. This challenge has also been investigated in integration of scheduling and control studies (Touretzky et al. AIChE J. 2017, 63 (66), 1959-1973). The project SINGPRO investigated the merging of big data platforms, machine learning, and data analytics with process planning and scheduling optimization. The goal was to create online, reactive, and anticipative tools for more sustainable and efficient operation. In this article, we discuss selected outcomes of the project and reflect the topic of combining optimization and data science in a broader scope.  © 2020 American Chemical Society. On the basis of ecological footprint theory and tourism ecological footprint theory, the sustainable development indexes such as ecological footprint, ecological carrying capacity, ecological deficit, and ecological surplus of the research area were calculated and the long-term change pattern of each index was analyzed. This paper shows that the ecological footprint of the research area increases year by year, but the ecological footprint is always smaller than the ecological carrying capacity, indicating that the area is still in the state of sustainable development. However, the per capita ecological surplus shows a decreasing trend year by year, indicating that the sustainable development of the region is getting worse. This paper proposes a reordering method of tourist attractions based on heterogeneous information fusion, and realizes the retrieval and reordering of tourist attractions based on user query and fusion of heterogeneous information, so as to help users make travel decisions. In view of the shortage of tourism commercial websites to passively provide scenic spot information, this paper puts forward a scenic spot retrieval method based on query words to enable users to obtain scenic spot information according to their needs, and constructs a tourist consumer data analysis system. The preprocessing methods and methods adopted by the data preprocessing module are analyzed in detail, and the algorithms used in the travel route analysis and consumer spending ability analysis are described in detail. The data of tourism consumers are analyzed by this system, and the results are evaluated. © 2020 Jing Yang et al. This study identifies the factors that attract U.S. residents to eco-friendly events. To achieve our research objective, we obtained data (N = 1,115) from a cross-national, web-based survey distributed to consumers 18 to 65 years of age living in the continental United States. The questionnaire was comprised of five multi-item summated rating scales adapted from the research literature: (1) environmentalism importance; (2) event motivation (push and pull factors); (3) event values; (4) event retention; and (5) sociodemographic information. Data analysis was performed using the SAS® Enterprise MinerTM version 14.1. It identified four intrinsic push factors: “social status promotion,” “making a connection with the environmentally knowledgeable people,” “self-remediation,” and “learning about up-to-date environmentally sustainable products and practices.” There was one extrinsic pull factor: “location.” The findings can help tourism policy and decision makers, planners, marketers (e.g., destination marketing organizations, convention and visitor bureaus), and academic specialists in destination management and marketing. © 2020 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. The spatial difference between regional tourism efficiency and tourism scale is evident. It is of great theoretical and practical value to dynamically grasp the spatial-temporal evolution characteristics and the coupling coordination relationship of them to promote the high-quality sustainable development of tourism. This paper measures the tourism scale of 126 city units in the Yangtze River Economic Belt from 2001 to 2018. The DEA-MI model was introduced to measure and decompose tourism efficiency, while the exploratory spatio-temporal data analysis method was used to explore the spatial and temporal characteristics of regional tourism differences and spatial structure. In addition, the coupling coordination degree model of tourism efficiency and scale was established to examine the coupling superiority and synergy consistency of the two. The results demonstrated the following: (1) the spatial difference in comprehensive tourism efficiency of the study area was recognizable. The average situation exhibited the spatial distribution characteristics of "high in the east and west and low in the middle", and inter-annual changes decline in fluctuations. Scale efficiency played a supporting role in overall efficiency, and technical efficiency played a restrictive role. (2) The fluctuation range with the local spatial structure of tourism efficiency and tourism scale was relatively small, and the direction of dependence was relatively stable. The volatility of the latter is slightly stronger than that of the former, and the change of spatial dependence direction is comparable. The competitive situation of local spatial structure of tourism efficiency was stronger than that of cooperation, and the integration of tourism scale cooperation was strong. (3) The local spatial structure of tourism scale was relatively stable as it was was difficult to change the relative position of the city unit. However, the local spatial structure of tourism efficiency was still unstable, and it was likely to change the possibility within the city unit. (4) The overall coupling degree and coupling coordination degree of tourism efficiency and scale were gradually improved with similar spatial and temporal differentiation characteristics. There was spatial heterogeneity and volatility in local evolution, and the high value region of the degree of coupling coordination generated a broader range and slower diffusion. © 2020, Science Press. All right reserved. This study investigates how Big Data Analytics (BDA) can be leveraged to support a city's transformation into a smart destination. We conduct an in-depth case study of a city-in-transformation and adopt the perspective of technology affordances to uncover the varying opportunities enabled by BDA to facilitate the attainment of smart tourism goals. Our findings unveil three types of BDA affordances and demonstrate how these affordances are actualized in a cascading manner to enable informed decisions and a sustainable development of smart tourism. Implications are presented for future investigation of the affordances of BDA in smart tourism, as well as for policy makers and practitioners who engage in the development of innovative tourism services for the smart citizens. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd Through the online booking platform, 10,543 big data of spatial and temporal distribution of Beijing hotel industry has been obtained in this paper. Then, the methods of GIS and the geographical detector are used to study the spatiotemporal evolution process and the influencing factors of Beijing hotel industry during 2003-2018. The results are as follows: a. During the period of 2003-2018, the hotel industry in Beijing maintained a high growth rate and had three growth peaks in 2008, 2010 and 2014. Meanwhile, major historical events, such as the Olympic Games had a significant influence on the development of the hotel industry. b. Between 2003 and 2018, the hotel industry in Beijing gradually developed from the centripetal agglomeration to aggregation + diffusion, and also from the single center to the multi-center. Besides, various hotels presented two characteristics of city orientation and scenic orientation. c. The natural geographical environment had shaped the overall pattern and characteristics of the spatial distribution of the hotel industry in Beijing, and the socioeconomic factors such as commercial activities, public facilities, tourism services and traffic conditions significantly influenced the location selection of the hotel industry. Therefore, the urban center is the ideal area for the spatial layout of the hotel industry. d. Geographical detector research showed that the factors, such as administrative organs, road network density, leisure and recreational facilities, and companies have strong explanatory power for hotel location selection, which is an important reference index for hotels to select the micro location. This paper is a beneficial supplement to the existing research and has certain guiding significance for the sustainable development of Beijing hotel industry. © 2020 Li et al. The aim of this study is twofold: to explore whether board characteristics (i.e. a sustainability committee, board independence, board diversity, and board diligence) lead to greater corporate social responsibility (CSR) performance, and to test whether CSR performance enhances firms' financial performance in the hospitality and tourism (H&T) industry. Data were collected from the Thomson Reuters Eikon database for the H&T firms listed there between 2011 and 2018. We employed panel data analysis, after which we ran robustness tests. The results indicated that having a CSR committee and female directors on the board are robust factors driving firms to show superior CSR performance in all dimensions, including environmental, social, and governance (ESG). Independent directors and directors' diligence selectively enhance the overall CSR score and individual pillars of CSR. Investigating the relationship between CSR performance and firms' financial performance did not produce a significant outcome. The findings propose a straightforward roadmap for H&T firms and policymakers to identify characteristics of CSR-friendly boards. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd Due to the differences of demographic structure, household tourism preference and travel choice behavior are more microcosmic. Based on a large nationwide sample of micro-household survey data, some mathematical models are used to empirically study the influence of demographic structure on the decision-making behavior of household tourism in China. Our research shows that the relationship between the proportion of the elderly in a family and the tourism decision of the family is not always a inverse proportion, which only exists in the non-elderly families with younger heads.However, for the elderly families with older heads, the proportion of the elderly population is a positive factor to promote the increase of household tourism intention and tourism expenditure. It shows that the aging of the population has not only brought challenges to China's tourism industry, but also brought opportunities for sustainable development. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. The urbanization mode driven by industry is not suitable for the urbanization of Western Sicilian. Western Sichuan minority areas should adopt consumption-driven economic development model to develop new urbanization; take tourism as the leading industry to develop tourism towns; realize sustainable development of cities and towns with green and low carbon; realize spatial support strategy with "multi-purpose, multi-user and multi-access network"; and adopt local urbanization model in population. This paper uses computer big data technology and takes Li County as an example to study the use of ancient architectural planning to promote urbanization in the ethnic regions of Western Sichuan. © 2020 Institute of Physics Publishing. All rights reserved. The past years have seen an unprecedented growth in the ICT economy that has fundamentally altered business models and consumer cultures. Many of the changes this has implied are specifically relevant for tourism, a sector that perhaps more than any other is exposed to and implicated in digital innovation, consumer-business interrelationships, and platform reliance. Most studies of the digitalization of the tourism economy have focused on either business or consumer outcomes; much less attention has been paid to the implications for the Sustainable Development Goals. It is for this reason that this special issue on technology, ICT and tourism focuses on a diverse range of issues related to ICT sustainability: tourism as an opportunity for “digital detox,” the role of social networks in foodstagramming, virtual reality tours to explore tourist attractions from home, teaching simulations to improve learning about systems, big data analysis to determine prevalence of environmental interest, as well as regulatory demands on platforms to address principles of accountability, responsibility and transparency. The paper draws the preliminary conclusion that technology & ICTs advance SDGs at best in marginal ways, and that significant efforts are needed to make use of its potential for wider desirable outcomes. © 2020 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. This study forwards a sustainable plan format for micro, small, and medium enterprises (MSMEs) in the tourism sector in post-Typhoon Yolanda (Haiyan) areas. Based on the sustainable pillars of the United Nations World Tourism Organization (UNWTO), the plan format enables MSMEs to perform sustainable activities and contribute toward the achievement of tourism sustainability. Sustainable pillars by the UNTWO include: 1) tourism policy and governance; 2) economic performance; 3) investment and competitiveness; 4) employment, decent work, and human capital; 5) poverty reduction and social inclusion; and 6) sustainability of the natural and cultural environment. Documentary analyses measured the data extracted from contents of the initial post-disaster tourism plans from the local government units. Interviews with government participants offered data for thematic analyses that fortified the documentary investigations. As a lens of interpretation, qualitative data analyses used concepts embedded in the UNWTO sustainable pillars. The perspective of the tourism MSME sector representing quantitative data validated the qualitative findings. The existing tourism plans of both post-Haiyan rural and urban areas had room for improvement because they failed to include tourism MSME development. The interventions of various government agencies, albeit currently fragmented, could enhance future tourism plans. Interestingly, with proper redirection from the tourism office, these agencies carried the ability to fully unleash the potential in the tourism MSME sector. © 2020 Common Ground Research Networks. All rights reserved. This paper explores the impact of low-carbon service operations on responsible tourist behavior within sustainable cultural tourism. A proposed conceptual framework is used to examine this largely ignored situation through the case study of Xiao Liuqiu Island. The small island in Taiwan reveals a previously understudied phenomenon in sustainable island tourism. The psychological processes connecting cultural and cross-cultural experiences with sustainable tourism are explored using primary and secondary data collected through in-depth interviews of domestic tourists and online reviews of foreign tourists, respectively. Data analysis reveals the significant result that sustainable island tourism comprises two important elements: a supply and a demand side of a destination. The supply side describes low-carbon service operations-which include food, lodging, and ecological tourist activities-while the demand side reflects tourist behaviors-expressed through cognition, emotion, and motivation as well as authenticity. In addition, this paper makes an important contribution to management by emphasizing the need for careful attention to tourism psychology, particularly in natural and ecological environments that use tourism as a marketing strategy in cultural ecosystems services (CES). © 2020 by the authors. The construction of high-speed rail in China was initially a direct response to the increasing demand of up-to-date infrastructure. It is commonly understood that the construction of HSR has significant wider economic impact on local development. The benefits of HSR are represented by the accessibility to the HSR stations. Our study defines accessibility to HSR with a simple distance measure and a transportation network measure that considers travel from the center of the county through different grades of roads to the nearest HSR stations. For better understanding, we estimate both global and local (i.e., location-specific) impacts from HSR, using per capital GDP as a representation of the wider economic impact. With access to a panel dataset from 2008 to 2015 of regional socioeconomic indicators at the county-level units in China, the current study employs an eigenvector based spatial filtering (ESF) approach with and without spatially varying coefficients in an attempt to establish potential global and local relationships between HSR accessibility and county-level regional development. The analysis result suggests that it is likely that HSR accessibility might significantly contribute to regional development. A 10% decrease of the travel time to the nearest HSR station could bring about 0.44% (locally ranging from 0.28% to 3.1%) increase in local GDP per capita at the county level, ceteris paribus. The panel analysis suggests that the continued development of HSR construction in China will have long-term and sustainable support to local economic development. This is especially important to the relatively underdeveloped regions in the North and West China. © 2019 With the rapid development of communication technology, computer technology, and vehicle technology, the internet of things, the internet, and the internet of vehicles have gradually formed and are widely adopted. Passengers, drivers, dispatchers, vehicles, roads, travel environment, and the cloud can be connected efficiently. The emerging technology developed rapidly, such as intelligent interconnection, autonomous driving, etc. Besides, the big spatial-temporal data was generated and collected. The development of urban transportation has entered a new era. Meanwhile, under the guidance of the sustainable development goals, the development of emerging concepts such as MaaS, intelligent interconnection, autonomous driving, and sharing mobility are gradually subverting the existing urban traffic operation scenarios and operation management models. Related theoretical studies and practical discussions will be the development direction and research focus of urban transportation management and services in the future. Based on the summary of the opportunities and challenges of urban transportation development, the new ideas of solving urban transportation management and services problems in the new era was first analyzed. Then, the three aspects of transportation big data, sharing mobility, and connected autonomous vehicles were separately analyzed. Accordingly, the latest research on urban transportation management and services were comprehensively summarized. Finally, the related research directions of urban transportation management and services in the new era were sorted out. © 2020, Editorial Department of Journal of Beijing University of Technology. All right reserved. This research attempts to present the notion of understanding through the empirical studies on environmentally responsible behaviour for strategies development with an emphasis on the role of facilitating conditions. A total of 263 usable questionnaire responses were collected for data analysis. The major findings show that environmental concern and environmental knowledge are important for environmental attitude in order to cultivate the environmentally responsible behaviour among tourists. Conversely, environmental facilitating conditions are directly related to environmentally responsible behaviour instead of having the moderating effect on environmental attitude. This study contributed in reassuring the tourists' participation in the environmentally responsible behaviour with commitment in environmental concerns and interest in knowledge towards environmental and sustainability issues while visiting natural sites.  Copyright © 2020 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd. The development of the airport city, integrated commercial property, and the land, produces non-aeronautical income from tourists, business people, and cargo. The research uses secondary data archives that contain past (historical) events to find out several factors that affect transportation and warehousing GDP. Other data provided in the study is panel data, which is data of several airport locations (cross-section). Data analysis is then carried out by using quantitative methods. Meanwhile, sampling is done by purposive sampling that was based on individual or researcher' considerations, which often referred to as sampling considerations. Initially, the population is 299 airports that are managed by PT. Angkasa Pura I and PT. Angkasa Pura II, and UPT Air Transportation. It is then reduced to 172 airports throughout Indonesia, which later is filtered further to only 151 airports. Results of the multiple linear regression analysis show that factors that affect Transportation and Warehousing GDP are the plane arrived, the plane departed and passengers depart. ARX estimation and ARX Validation Transportation and Warehousing GDP, that produces a fit of 51.08% and a fit validation of 51.45%. Of the 90 data used for estimation, 46 data, or 51.08% of ARX, have similarities with existing data. The value is quite good because the fitness produced is > 50% that affect Transportation and Warehousing GDP are the plane arrived, the plane departed, passenger departing, departing passengers, unloading baggage, loading baggage, unloading cargo and loading cargo. All are influential on Transportation and Warehousing GDP. © 2020 IOP Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. The growing interest in ruralism among Chinese people has been observed as China's population in urban areas has exceeded its rural population. Rural tourism has become one of the leading tourism sectors in China, in large part because many of China's popular tourist attractions are surrounded by rural communities. This study identified 12 dimensions of tourist-perceived quality. In addition, perceived value and satisfaction were used as mediators to explain the relationships between perceived quality and three dimensions of behavioral intentions (i.e., revisitation intention, positive word-of-mouth, and willingness to pay for special rural products). Furthermore, the moderating impact of urban versus rural residence was tested. A total sample of 495 was used for data analysis. Four tourist-perceived quality dimensions (i.e., tourism infrastructure and transportation, hospitality and learning, handicrafts and culture, and rural environment) were found. The results of this study demonstrated the empirical evidence of the relationship between perceived quality, perceived value, satisfaction, and behavioral intentions. Finally, the results showed a moderating effect. The findings of this study can contribute to increasing various behavioral intentions and sustainable rural tourism in China. © 2020 by the authors. 2020 by the authors. The concept of implementation of environmental health protection and sustainment in aerospace environments by definition implies a One Health systems approach. One Health indicates an inherently complex, contextually interrelated system with consideration of human, animal, plant, systems engineering, and environmental health, their interrelationships, and networks. One Health implies seamless integration of subsystem co-dependencies to achieve an outcome of overall health protection for the individual. One of the most challenging aspects of space travel involves prevention, mitigation and protection from radiation injuries. While avoidance altogether is the best approach, these authors will focus on minimized exposure through limiting time in the space radiation environment in the transit to Mars and back. Implementation of the pillars of time, distance and shielding comprise ALARA, “As Low as Reasonably Achievable” (www.cdc.gov/nceh/radiation/alara.html) and is stressed in this strategy. This general overview will briefly describe the critical components of space environmental health in anticipation of increasing duration and interaction of human, animal, and plant habitation of aerospace and extreme environments into the future. Of the many considerations that could be addressed, precision medicine, and bioinformatics are the most rapidly evolving. Complex interdependencies will emerge from macro- and micro-environmental ecosystems data analysis, not yet fully comprehended or understood in the context of space health. We will conclude this contribution with suggested new countermeasure strategies gleaned through big data analytics that may protect space crew through mitigation of radiation exposure in flight. © Copyright © 2020 Sobel and Duncan. This work seeks to demonstrate the importance of the interests of lodging service users in non-hotel resources, directly or indirectly, linked to hotels. For this, Spanish hotels located in defensive structures belonging to the Paradores chain have been selected. The conceptual framework starts from the evaluative models of the quality of service modified to this study. Then, a Big Data tool has been developed that allows for the analysis of 3372 visitor comments about subjects including the facilities, the staff, and service management. To these, other attributes not strictly linked to the classic hotel service have been added, such as the cultural heritage resources, the surrounding environment, and value-added activities already implemented. With this work, it is hoped to highlight the importance of taking advantage of these resources efficiently, especially in shaping excellent tourist services that connect respectful cultural tourism and the environment for a clear urban influence and that simultaneously takes advantage of the all the possibilities of new technologies. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Previous studies of service-oriented tourist city networks have often focused on the analysis of the geographical distributions and service roles of important cities instead of the connections and hierarchical tendencies between different types of cities within a whole region. The current study uses big data approaches for the regional connections of 38 tourism organizations, including famous hotels, air passenger transport services, and tourism service agencies, across 63 of the most important tourist cities in China. Fuzzy c-means clustering analysis is used to define eight city arena clusters. According to the distributions of connectivity between the 63 cities, these eight clusters play different functional service roles in the urban tourism network in four hierarchies. With their "center-edge" memberships, these arena clusters are formed by the interweaved process of regional and hierarchical tourism service connections. The results here include analysis of the various service-oriented tourist cities in China and point out the geographical "gap" faced by networks. Service-oriented tourist cities need to find their hierarchies and positioning in the network, scientifically speaking, to avoid blind development and to support sustainable regional tourism development in urban areas. © 2020 by the authors. High volumes of tourists often pose a threat to tourism and decrease the quality of life for local residents, particularly in attractive urban tourism places. Yet, to date only a few solution-oriented studies have attempted to alleviate the overtourism problems and to improve the resident-tourist relationship. This study aims to present potential solutions, based on data analytics. Combining venue-referenced social media data with topic modelling from a case study in Paris, this research reveals both similarities and differences in the temporal and spatial activity patterns of tourists and residents. Results offer strategic support to tourism planners on how to manage over-crowded urban tourism hotspots, which consequently facilitate the improvement of the resident–tourist relationship and improve destination attractiveness in the long run. Results further indicate that the exchange of social media-based information for residents and tourists are part of the practice-based solution for better sustainable tourism planning. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. This study investigates the influence of community involvement on the destination sustainability for community destinations and spiritual destinations in Vietnam. Community involvement is measured by two constructs, which are community attachment and residents' support. A structural questionnaire consisting of 41 observation variables measured on a 5-point Likert scale was used to survey households who live in a spiritual destination in An Giang province and three community destinations in Lang Son province with the help of local tour guides and Youth Union. 168 out of 200 responses collected were valid for multivariate data analysis. The results of confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) and structural equation modeling (SEM) reveal three main findings. Firstly, community attachment has a direct effect on both perceived benefits and destination sustainability. Secondly, while residents' support has a direct effect on perceived benefits, it indirectly affects destination sustainability. Finally, community destinations have a higher level of sustainability than the spiritual destination. Based on those findings, this study proposed three suggestions for local authorities, policymakers, and residents to improve the sustainable development of their local tourism destinations, including (1) diversifying local tourism products, (2) encouraging the community participation in tourism development programs, and (3) increasing in the expected benefits in local tourism development policies. © UiTM Press. Pedestrian safety is a top priority within the transportation planning community as cities promote sustainable transportation, alternative travel modes, and healthy lifestyles. If people feel unsafe while walking, they will choose other modes of transportation if they are able. To prioritize safety, it is important to know where pedestrian crashes are occurring and with what severity. Using spatial statistical methods including nearest neighbor index, Moran’s I, local indicators of spatial autocorrelation (LISA), and Getis-Ord G-statistic, this study seeks to analyze the pedestrian fatality locations within the state of Ohio over a 10-year period (2007–2016) to identify hot spots, cold spots, and spatial patterns across three different spatial scales: county, census tract, and traffic analysis zone (TAZ). It seeks to understand the effects of aggregated data across these spatial scales on the outcome of the analysis and determine the most useful spatial scale at which to study pedestrian fatalities. The study concludes that spatial analyses at small scales are most informative. It goes on to recommend locations within Ohio for further analysis based on the resulting maps, including areas with outliers. As of writing this, there is no current statewide pedestrian fatality analysis for the state of Ohio. © National Academy of Sciences: Transportation Research Board 2020. The proceedings contain 49 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Tourism Research. The topics include: What factors make an online review about a tourist destination more persuasive and informative?; analysis of the tourist destinations web content through landscapes; smart city strategies for sustainable tourism: Definitions and taxonomy; overtourism in the czech sandstone rocks: Causes of the problem, the current situation and possible solutions; collaborative city tourism offers as a management tool for a destination: London as a case study; competitiveness of european tourism: A cluster analysis; hotel competition under uncertain demand: Different objective functions; trends in sustainable tourism and hospitality research: A text mining approach; modeling of structural equations as a validation instrument of eco-tourism development in zamora chinchipe, ecuador; sustainable emergence of regional tourism clusters: The approach of complexity theory; the influence of technology on travel agencies in lebanon; who attends live stand-up comedy and why? A motivation segmentation study; branding a tourism destination from a customer-based brand equity perspective: A pls-sem approach; the dark side of tourism's implications: Sem study of 2016 italian earthquake; an exploratory study of links between individuals’ perceptions of solo tourism and their desires for social interaction and solitude; does franchising increase economic profitability of the hotel industry?; social media and sustainable tourism: A literature review; big data in tourism: A look at the literature; the impact of co-creation on customer revisit intention of a tourism service; a quantitative and qualitative analysis of absorptive capacity and hospitality literature. The technology-driven application of big data is expected to assist policymaking towards sustainable development; however, the relevant literature has not addressed human welfare under climate change, which limits the understanding of climate change impacts on human societies. We present the first application of unique mobile phone network data to evaluate the current nation-wide human welfare of coastal tourism at Japanese beaches and project the value change using the four climate change scenarios. The results show that the projected national economic value loss rates are more significant than the projected national physical beach loss rates. Our findings demonstrate regional differences in recreational values: most southern beaches with larger current values would disappear, while the current small values of the northern beaches would remain. These changes imply that the ranks of the beaches, based on economic values, would enable policymakers to discuss management priorities under climate change. © 2019 The Authors Sukuryadi, Harahab N, Primyastanto M, Semedi B. 2020. Analysis of suitability and carrying capacity of mangrove ecosystem for ecotourism in Lembar Village, West Lombok District, Indonesia. Biodiversitas 21: 596-604. Mangrove ecosystems in Lembar Village, West Lombok District, Indonesia has high ecological role and economic potentials, and have been as a pilot area for mangrove conservation and rehabilitation activities. In 2015 the area was developed into a mangrove ecotourism area as a form of utili zation to obtain ecological and economic sustainability for the local community. The purpose of this study was to determine the suitability and carrying capacity of the mangroves area for the development of mangrove ecotourism. Data collection was conducted using field surveys and direct observation. Data collected were then analyzed to calculate ecotourism suitability index and carrying capacity of the area. The results of data analysis showed that mangrove ecosystem area in Lembar Village is categorized as suitable to be developed as mangrove ecotourism at three stations with value of ecotourism suitability index of 77.78%, while at two stations are categorized conditionally suitable with ecotourism suitability index of 42.22%. Carrying capacity of the area is 2337 people/day with tourist attractions consisting of mangrove tracking (33 people/day), fishing (137 people/day), picnic (1620 people/day), camping ground (542 people/day) and bird watching (6 people/day). Utilization of area based on suitability and carrying capacity is needed to maintain the sustainability of mangrove ecosystems and the economy of coastal communities. © 2020, Society for Indonesian Biodiversity. All rights reserved. Rising car ownership and use worldwide is in several respects a threat to the environment. Transport researchers and policymakers have suggested and implemented policy measures to reduce car use and encouraged pro-environmental travel behaviour. The success or failure of these policies depends on a robust understanding of the factors influencing car use behaviour and most importantly situational factors facilitating car use. A sound understanding of the situational factors is the key to the effectiveness and success of car use reduction policies. This study examines the importance of car use facilitating situational factors in the promotion of sustainable mobility in urban areas. Data were obtained in a cross-sectional survey of 691 motorists in Lagos, Nigeria through purposive sampling technique, while the data analysis was done using partial least square structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM). The results indicated car access, time pressure and car use intention contributed 43% explained variance in car use behaviour. Car access had the largest direct effect on car use behaviour, followed by time pressure. Considering all the constructs in the model, car use intention was responsible for most of the variation in car use behaviour. The implications of the results from this study regarding the promotion of sustainable transportation and car use reduction are discussed. © 2020, Journal of Sustainability Science and Management. All rights reserved Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to explore how tourism investment, business and operations were aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in the Abaco Cays pre-Hurricane Dorian 2019 in The Bahamas. Design/methodology/approach: This paper takes an exploratory qualitative approach using the Abaco Cays, The Bahamas as the geographical study area. Semi-structured interviews were conducted face-to-face for data collection and transcribed using NVivo 12 plus. Critical discourse analysis was used to interpret interviewees’ spoken words in the broader social context of the Abaco Cays. Findings: Results illustrate the extent of tourism alignment with the SDGs in communities, dependent on tourism for growth. Findings from tourism investment, business and operations data analysis provide insights on tourism and the SDGs from a local perspective. Research limitations/implications: This research demonstrates how tourism aligns with the SDGs in one geographical area of The Bahamas. It also highlights discourses influencing tourism and the SDGs towards achieving the 2030 Agenda. Practical implications: A practical implication of this paper is adopting a bottom-up approach for a comprehensive understanding of tourism alignment with the SDGs in the Abaco Cays. Originality/value: This paper provides implementation guidelines for communities in the Abaco Cays, to align local sustainable tourism plans with the SDGs. It also provides a multidisciplinary approach for greater coherence of tourism with the SDGs from the community to the national level in the Bahamas. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited. The study examines the impact of corporate social responsibility (CSR) activity on the firm market value, in particular, market capitalization of tour operators listed on Chinese stock markets. This study employs panel data analysis methods to examine endogeneity concerns in observational data. The balanced panel data includes a total of 1,296 observations with 27 cross-sections of tour operators listed on Chinese stock markets and with 48 time-specific periods from March 2006 to December 2017. The results indicate that CSR activity has a negative impact on the market value of the firm for the concurrent period, but from one-period time lag and afterwards CSR activity has a strong positive impact on the market value and sustains its positive impact on the market value even for a two-period time lag. The findings suggest that the economic effect of CSR activity on the firm market value tends to take some degree of lagged effects to be fully showcased in the market capitalization of tour operators and travel companies listed on Chinese stock markets. The findings suggest that, though CSR activity may carry some financial risk for an immediate short-term, tour operators must put a lot of time and effort into making CSR actions effective. © The Author(s). Ge, J., 2020. Research on small island tourism experience perception based on big data analysis. In: Bai, X. and Zhou, H. (eds.), Advances in Water Resources, Environmental Protection, and Sustainable Development. Journal of Coastal Research, Special Issue No. 115, pp. 39-41. Coconut Creek (Florida), ISSN 0749-0208. Tourism environment is the natural ecological environment, economic environment and social and cultural environment on which tourism development depends. It is the material basis for sustainable development of tourism. The marine industry will become an important pillar of the national economy, while the marine tourism industry is an important component of the marine industry group with broad prospects and broad development prospects. In tourism development, it is of great significance for the sustainable development of small island tourism to strengthen the research and excavation of cultural connotation in scenic spots and scenic spots and enhance the attraction of islands to tourists. Based on relevant online reviews and travel notes, this study uses content analysis method and Ver1.0.1 word frequency analysis software to analyze tourists' tourism experience and perception of tourism experience, excavate tourists' behavior characteristics, and put forward management improvement suggestions for negative reviews so as to strengthen the sustainable development of small island tourism.  © Coastal Education and Research Foundation, Inc. 2020. Yan, S.L., 2020. The perception difference analysis of the influence of coastal residents of big data mining technology on marine tourism development. In: Bai, X. and Zhou, H. (eds.), Advances in Water Resources, Environmental Protection, and Sustainable Development. Journal of Coastal Research, Special Issue No. 115, pp. 265-267. Coconut Creek (Florida), ISSN 0749-0208. With the continuous development of social economy in China, tourism as a major emerging industry gradually began to grow. As a choice direction of tourism, marine tourism has not only made great contributions to driving local economy and coordinating the comprehensive development of other industries, but also promoted the overall development of coastal cities. According to big data mining technology, this paper conceive a general model suitable for marine tourism development, and promote the healthy, stable and green development of marine tourism. Marine tourism has developed into the core industry of marine economy, and the future development prospects are bright. However, in the face of the blind exploitation of marine resources, it has caused serious damage to marine ecology. If the marine ecology can not be repaired and protected in time, the impact on marine tourism development will be devastating. Marine tourism is a brand new industry. After years of development, it has become the pillar of marine economy, and the future development space is huge. In recent years, the number of tourists received by the marine tourism industry has shown an upward trend every year, which also makes marine tourism face severe challenges. Therefore, digging deep into the development potential of marine tourism resources, deepening the quality and management level of tourism services, is an important way to meet the actual needs of tourists, optimize the existing industrial structure of tourism, and is also an important direction for the sustainable development of marine tourism industry.  © Coastal Education and Research Foundation, Inc. 2020. Bikeshare programs are a popular, convenient, and sustainable mode of transportation that provide a range of benefits to urban communities such as reduction in carbon emissions, decreased travel times, financial savings, and heightened physical activity. Although, tourists are especially inclined to use bikeshare to explore a destination as the programs are a convenient, cheap, flexible, and an active alternative to vehicles and mass transit little research or attention has focused on visitor usage. As such the current study investigated the spatial-temporal usage patterns of bikeshare by visitors to an urban community using GPS based big data (N = 353,733). The results revealed differential usage patterns between visitors and local residents based on user provided ZIP Codes using a 50 mile geometric circular buffer around the urban destination. The visitors and residents significantly varied on numerous trip behaviors including route selection, time of rental, checkout/check-in locations, distance, speed, duration, and physical activity intensity. The user patterns uncovered suggest visitors primarily use bikeshare for leisure based urban exploration, compared to residents’ primary use of bikeshare to be public transportation related. Implications for bikeshare, urban planning, and tourism management are provided aimed at delivering a more sustainable and richer visitor experience. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. This Innovate Practice Full Paper presents the past process of the full-time Master of Engineering (M. Eng.) education in China, which is designed to meet the requirements of the China's innovation of science and technologies. Under the current trend of the economic globalization and the internationalization of higher education, China's higher engineering education (HEE) must carry out certain reforms to adapt to the new changes and development of the country. In China's HEE, M. Eng. program can be divided into two categories: in-service M. Eng. program and full-time M. Eng. program. The graduate students of the former program come from the employees of enterprises and study in their spare time, while the graduate students of the latter program mainly come from the fresh graduates of universities and they spend their full time for study. Normally they both spend 2 to 3 years to finish their master programs. This paper mainly discusses the current situation of full-time M. Eng. education, and analyzes the corresponding difficulties from the following four aspects: insufficient clarity in the training goal, incompleted Dual Tutor System, unsatisfactory enterprise practice, and insufficient interaction between university and enterprise. Therefore, full-time M. Eng. education still faces some immature situation and has higher demand for the innovation. This paper takes the big data full-time Master of Engineering (BDFM) training as a case, and introduces a new training and practice mode in a Chinese university, including project management, establishment of Practice Education Base (PEB), course construction, design of mechanism of PEB, as well as the establishment of Dual Tutor Matching Mechanism (DTMM). Considering the internationalization of HEE under China's national conditions, we show how to speed up the educational reform of M. Eng., how to implement educational innovation, how to promote the engineering education to better adapt to the needs of economic and social development, and how to play the exemplary role of this new training mode. We hope our study could contribute to the sustainable development of HEE over the world. © 2020 IEEE. The information level of the urban public transport system is constantly improving, which promotes the use of smart cards by passengers. The OD (origination-destination) travel time of passengers reflects the temporal and spatial distribution of passenger flow. It is helpful to improve the flow efficiency of passengers and the sustainable development of the city. It is an urgent problem to select appropriate indexes to evaluate OD travel time and analyze the correlation of these indexes. More than one million OD records are generated by the AFC (Auto Fare Collection) system of Nanjing metro every day. A complex network method is proposed to evaluate and analyze OD travel time. Five working days swiping data of Nanjing metro are selected. Firstly, inappropriate data are filtered through data preprocessing. Then, the OD travel time indexes can be divided into three categories: time index, complex network index, and composite index. Time index includes use time probability, passenger flow between stations, average time between stations, and time variance between stations. The complex network index is based on two models: Space P and ride time, including the minimum number of rides, and the shortest ride time. Composite indicators include inter site flow efficiency and network flow efficiency. Based on the complex network model, this research quantitatively analyzes the Pearson correlation of the indexes of OD travel time. This research can be applied to other public transport modes in combination with big data of public smart cards. This will improve the flow efficiency of passengers and optimize the layout of the subway network and urban space. © 2020 by the authors. Tourism destination is the place where tourism demand and supply meet. Destination is often the main reason why people travel. In the first part of the chapter, the research is focused on the fast growth of tourism in the past decade, which does not come without problems. As one of the most discussed problems, the focus is on overtourism, which started as growth potential and moved into a sustainability issue. The scope of this chapter was to continue previous conducted research in the Croatian coastal town Šibenik and build additional scenarios using technological advancements and available data to build a cornerstone for a data-driven Destination Management System. The results of two experiments suggest that usage of simple techniques can be widely adopted in the search for sustainable management of the destination. In the second part of the research, the authors were able to combine data before outbreak of Coronavirus COVID-19 and during its early growth phase in Croatia to show what devastating impact it has on tourist arrivals in a short period of time and demonstrate in real time how fragile tourism demand is. © 2020, IGI Global. Zhang, Y.X., 2020. Research on ecological environmental protection and utilization of water resource - investigation and data analysis on ecological practice of five villages in Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Hubei, Hunan and Gansu. In: Bai, X. and Zhou, H. (eds.), Advances in Water Resources, Environmental Protection, and Sustainable Development. Journal of Coastal Research, Special Issue No. 115, pp. 522-525. Coconut Creek (Florida), ISSN 0749-0208. Based on the ecology practice condition investigation and data analysis in five villages from five provinces of Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Hubei, Hunan and Gasu, the rural ecological practice and relevant water resource protection regulations implementation present situation were analyzed. In this paper, it was discussed that there was regional differences about water resource protection regulation and the importance of the rural farmers to "green water and green mountains"and "gold and silver mountains", and the deeper problems of the ineffective transformation from "green water and green mountains"to "gold and silver mountains". Accordingly, corresponding countermeasure proposal was put forward. To build an ecological civilization, we should lead economic benefits with ecological benefits, turn ecological environmental advantages into advantages in ecological agriculture, ecological industry, ecological tourism and other ecological economies, promote the transformation of green water and green mountains into gold and silver mountains, create a beautiful ecological environment for China's economic development, and create good material conditions for China's residents' income.  © 2020 Coastal Education Research Foundation Inc.. All rights reserved. This study analyses the most appropriate methodology to make similarity classifications among the cities of the Algarve (Portugal) according to 105 sustainability indicators monitored with the Observatory of Sustainability of the Algarve Region for Tourism (OBSERVE). The methodology used to establish the similarities was the cluster analysis with 4 dierent approaches which reduced the dimensions of the data set: total approach, pillar approach, subject area approach, and indicator approach. By combining the approaches, a total of 620 dierent cluster analyses were performed. The results reflected that the data analysis approaches with less dimensions were those that performed the best groups among cities. In this sense, the approaches with a high number of indicators (e.g., the total or the pillar approach) were characterised by misclassifying cities in more than 30% of the indicators. Thus, the most acceptable cluster analysis approach was that with a low number of indicators. Through this approach, it was possible to make correct groups of the sustainability level of the cities of the Algarve. These results provided an appropriate methodology for the decision-making regarding the sustainability of a region and could be extrapolated to other regions to assess sustainability or environmental indicators. © 2020 by the authors. The decisions managing all modes of transportation are currently based on the traffic rate and travel time. However, other factors such as Green House Gas (GHG) emissions, the sustainability index, fuel consumption, and travel costs are not considered. Therefore, more comprehensive methods need to be implemented to improve transportation systems and support users' decision making in their daily commute. This paper addresses current challenges by utilizing data analytics derived from our proposed mobile application. The proposed application quantifies various factors of each transportation mode including but not limited to the cost, trip duration, fuel consumption, and Carbon Dioxide (CO2) emissions. All calculated travel costs are based on the real-time gas prices and toll fees. The users are also able to navigate to their destination and update the total travel costs in real-time. The emissions data per trip basis are aggregated to provide analytics of emissions usage. The traffic data is collected for the Southern California region and the effectiveness of the application is evaluated by twenty participants from California State University, Long Beach. The results demonstrate the application's impacts on users' decision-making and the propriety of the factors used in route selection. The proposed application can foster urban planning and operations vis-à-vis daily commutes, and as a result improve the citizens' quality of life in various aspects. © 2020 by the authors. This article implies a qualitative methodological approach and has a focus on the local tourism employees in Dubrovnik and their perception of overtourism. The empirical data are based on 12 days’ field observation in July 2018, and 18 e-mail interviews with local tourism employees. The data analysis method has been thematic analysis. The interviewees show a high level of awareness and concern about the problem. Overcrowding, traffic congestion, various physical damages, displacement of locals in Old Town, low quality of tourist experiences and lower quality of life for locals, increased prices are among problems caused by overtourism in Dubrovnik. Factors related to seasonality, physical geographic conditions, cruise ships are the most problem makers and the interviewees prefer tourists that stay overnight. Their most frequent solution suggestions are reduction of the number of cruise ships followed by stricter rules of the establishment and of quality for accommodations, caterings and shops. © 2020, © 2020 The Author(s). This open access article is distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) 4.0 license. Research in the field of sustainable tourism is increasingly important due to significant growth in tourism industries and the unsustainable impacts incurred. Innovation in sustainable tourism studies is required to meet a number of challenges including socio-ecological impacts; the critical turn in tourism research; and the growth of ICTs, mobile technologies and big data analytics. These shifts in particular are transforming the field and creating new research opportunities. This article seeks to identify potentially new methodological areas of application to sustainable tourism studies for both quantitative and qualitative methods. A range of methods are reviewed, focusing on big data (e.g. mobile device signaling, GPS, social media and search engine data) that elucidates wider patterns of tourist movement, as applied to forecasting travel demands and sustainable management of a destination. Three novel “small data” methods are also discussed, comprising visual methods, autoethnography and qualitative GIS, that provide deeper, contextual insights into the drivers, dynamics and impacts of sustainable tourism. We consider how expansive qualitative methodologies might yield potentially important insights concealed by existing methodologies. Furthermore, we argue that combined big data and small data approaches can address methodological imbalance and generate mutually reinforcing insights at a number of levels. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. The tourism industry has become more competitive with recent developments in information technology. Consensus on the role played by organisational culture in firm performance and sustainable competitive edge is well established across industries, including hospitality. In the tourism sector, brand management is considered strategic since it is able to position a firm favourably in the eyes of its stakeholders, including customers and employees. This study employed a cross-sectional survey design to collect data from 165 hotel employees in and around Johannesburg. Structural equation modelling using the Smart PLS programme was carried out for data analysis. The results of the study found that all four dimensions of organisational culture, namely involvement, consistency, adaptability and mission, were positively and significantly related to employee-based brand equity. The results of the study offers evidence-based recommendations to prioritise employee-based brand equity and to leverage organisational culture to attain this brand equity. © 2020 AJHTL /Author(s). Tourism is one of the world's fastest driving forces of economic development, playing an important role in achieving sustainable development goals. In modern society, mobile social media is a communication and decision-making platform for users and a source of big data information about travel. Obtaining and analyzing travel data can provide customer-oriented information about travel destinations and comprehensive services for both tourism operators and tourists. It has a positive impact on the sustainable development of society, economy, environment, and humanities. Starting with theoretical analysis and empirical research, this study combines social media and oblique photography, conducts a case study of the Pingtan comprehensive experimental area in China, and develops an app about online travelling to provide corresponding information for consumers' decisions. This study also discusses the potential value of the app, i.e., assisting the development of smart travel in city, achieving sustainable development of tourism, and contributing to tourism globally. © 2020 by the authors. The tourism industry is one of the most rapidly developing industries in the world and tourism in the South-east Asian region has been developing in the past few years. The present study focuses on the data from the ASEAN region to study the association among the variables; inbound tourists, outbound tourists, tourism growth and ecological footprint. The period between 1995-2019 was the subject of study. The data for these indicators was extracted from the WDI. The econometric tools of heteroskedasticity, autocorrelation, unit root, cross-sectional dependence were applied in order to evaluate different dimensions of the data. In the estimation of regressors the panel corrected standard error and the one step system of generalized method of moments were used. The results of the estimations reveal that the effects of the regressors were significant. However, inbound tourism and tourism growth showed negative associations with the ecological footprints of the study units. The past and present studies show that the increase in the tourist activities decrease the ecological footprint and thereby increase the environmental quality of the economies. The present study is original and poses major contributions to the academic literature and also has policy making implications. © 2020, University of Economics and Human Sciences in Warsaw. All rights reserved. In the days of the Pandemic, mainstream Economy is demonstrating its limits and responsibilities, shared with a politics no longer aimed at the Common Good. On one hand some “positive” forces (trickle down, ethical control by socially concerned investors) are not effective enough in the pursuit of equality and democracy; on the other, the concentration of Big Data and Information in the same hands seems to work in the opposite direction. In the long term, reaching a better future is impossible without a different approach both in political and economic terms. Business can create a more generative, inclusive, fully sustainable framework in the post-Covid era, as demonstrated by our experience as first italian bank. The Pandemic will have deep impacts on the delicate Culture ecosystem. Italy must give priority to its most important asset – Tourism & Culture – through projects based on a superior level of technology, significant market expansion, higher employment, Big Data under a stronger level of democratic control. Currently, in order to sustain Culture in the post-Covid world, a different approach has been put in practice. In this scheme, the know-how of the best non profit entities participating in Italian cultural production is shared in order to seek and multiply best practices in the entire country. Thanks to this cooperation, rating criteria can become both more fitting and inclusive, allowing for sustained growth: like an ever-lifting spyral as opposed to a fixed circle. © 2020, eum - Edizioni Universita di Macerata. All rights reserved. It is no longer enough to have a technology base to meet customer needs. The competitiveness of the tourism sector is ensured through the innovation capacity that companies can achieve, either through innovation associated with services or through services. The relationship between tourism innovation and business competitiveness in the tourism sector must consider emerging and innovative technologies that appear daily in society. In this context, the information systems applied to tourism must take into consideration the various sectors of activity: accommodation, travel agencies, restaurants and gastronomy, tourist entertainment, transport, among others. In addition to tourism management information system, it must integrate an innovation mechanism, which should be based on the definition of an appropriate business model. The business model that ensures innovation has to integrate design, production, service, and marketing through a new customer relationship, therefore technology must be able to meet the demands inherent in this new model. The purpose of this chapter is to investigate how the concept of Industry 4.0 can affect the development of tourism in Portugal. In this context, it is relevant for tourism that all companies consider the technological drivers of change associated with the concept of Industry 4.0, constituting a technological basis for leveraging tourism companies to a technological environment called ‘Tourism 4.0'. © 2021 Emerald Publishing Limited. To date, although young adults seem to be less interested in obtaining a driving licence and a car, in several countries private vehicles are still the most widely used means of transport. The growing interest in promoting sustainable modes has motivated Mobility Managers (MM) to start awareness campaigns among workers who commute by private vehicle. University students, who regularly commute to their campuses, represent a major segment of the working population. Nevertheless, few studies have investigated university students' commuting habits. The aim of this work is to examine in depth the tour-based university students’ travel behaviour, using panel data from a sample of students from Roma Tre University. The contribution of this paper consists in understanding the processes underlying daily travel behaviour choices, to help MMs identify the right steps to promote a correct culture and to improve public transport (PT) services. The data used were collected during a panel survey, split into two 2-days phases. Between the two phases, a personalised travel plan was provided in order to promote more sustainable means of transport. Daily travel behaviour was monitored by collecting data through a smartphone app which registered trips/activities in real-time. The data were then exhaustively analysed by classifying the tours into many layers (main purpose, time of day, mode used and user attributes). Analysis of the results indicate how the preferred mode of transport is the private mode and that 25% of tours were related to non-study purposes, which could be a barrier to PT mode choice. © 2020 World Conference on Transport Research Society China’s scenic spots are facing the dual pressure of increasing the number of tourists and the decline in the quality of viewing. How to effectively coordinate the contradiction between the development of scenic spots and the quality of viewing, and realize the maximization of resources within the scenic spots and the improvement of visual senses have become common problems faced by the academic and tourism development departments. In the past few decades, the planning methods of scenic spots and the selection methods of scenic areas have been more traditional. It is impossible to accurately simulate and judge when dealing with complex topographical conditions such as mountains, which has a subjective impact on the exploration and development of scenic landscape resources. This method has caused problems such as narrow viewing horizons, incomplete coverage of the tour route, and occlusion of the line of sight. Practice has proved that the traditional scenic area planning theory based on qualitative and the analysis method based on field research are one of the main sources of the above problems, especially in mountainous scenic areas. With the development of social economy, the selection of traditional scenic spots and the planning of scenic spots urgently need a change to adapt to the new development and new requirements of the current viewing experience. This study used the GIS viewshed analysis function and the analytic hierarchy process to identify blind spots in the scenic area by simulating the visibility of different viewing distance ranges of the current scenic spots and tour lines, and then combined with the questionnaire survey results of tourists, planners, scenic spot managers and college landscape teachers, the analytic hierarchy process is used to determine the evaluation system of new viewpoints. Finally, according to the evaluation factor, the weighted superposition in the GIS is used to determine the newly added viewpoints, so as to improve the quality and effective utilization of the scenic spots in the mountain-type scenic areas. The key to the GIS landscape viewshed analysis is that the scenic spots and tour lines planning of the scenic area must be based on objective geographical factors and current resources, and priority is given to the analysis of the current situation quality. Then, according to the distribution of the current visual blind zone, new viewpoints and tour lines will be carried out. Compared with developed countries like the WEST, which have relatively perfect geographic information platforms, China’s geographic information data acquisition requires authorization from multiple departments, and the data quality is uneven. In response to this problem, this paper used python combined with Amap to obtain the vector boundary of the study area, and imported it into the rivermap downloader X3 to download DEM data, reducing the difficulty of data acquisition. This method can provide data security for the study area simulation and provide an important scientific basis for landscape viewshed analysis. Taking Baiyun mountain scenic area as an example, this paper comprehensively utilizes GIS technology to identify the viewing space of the above process through simulation and analysis of elevation, slope, slope direction and view area analysis, and constructs the best viewing pattern. Moreover, the whole analysis process is taken as the framework to enrich the evaluation system of mountain scenic spots. The results shown that the current viewing area of the 26 scenic spots in the near-view, mid-view and distant-view analysis results are 6.09%, 11.89% and 26.62%, respectively, and the overall view is poor, and the open field is mainly concentrated in the south-central area of the study area, the northeast and southwest sides have narrower views, mainly due to the lesser distribution of viewpoints. The near, middle and distant view along the four main tour lines may be better, but the central area and the northwest side are not transparent due to the topography and geomorphology. On the other hand, due to the lack of travel coverage on the north side of the study area, there is a large area of visual blind spots in the north. In order to solve the above problems, this paper will re-classify the evaluation system of the site selection and the elevation, slope and aspect of the study area. Under the principle of low cost and ecological protection, the site selection of newly-built scenic spots was obtained, and then fine-tuned according to the site investigation, and the location of newly-built scenic spots was finally determined. This method can effectively enhance the quality of the selected viewpoints in the planning process and reduce subjective errors in the case of high data quality. Moreover, this method also provides an essential reference for the analysis of geographical elements in the early stage of mountain-type scenic areas. We should transform from traditional subjective planning ideas into objective planning thinking based on data analysis, respect objective reality and maximize the exploitation of available resources to provide reference for the sustainable development of scenic spots. © 2020, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. Presently, there is no dearth of commuting options in most metropolitan cities. However, the timely availability and reliability of resources like rickshaws varies a lot, especially in Mumbai [1]. Ride sharing services such as Uber and Ola have made use of smartphones to overcome these limitations and revolutionize the way we travel. We studied these existing systems and their limitations, based on which we devised a model which allows Riders to easily and anonymously convey their location to Drivers. The Riders' locations are then aggregated and displayed as demand 'hotspots' to Drivers, making them aware of popular areas at a given time. Drivers can come to fetch Riders as they please, giving them the freedom of choice without charging any commission. This is what makes the proposed system unique. © 2020 IEEE. As far as customers are the means of the existence of business organizations, customer relationship management is the exclusive weapon to win customers confidence and keep sustainable competitive advantage. CRM implementation in the hotel industry is an ongoing phenomenon as long as there is tough competition in the industry. The main objective of this research was to examine the influence of CRM on customer satisfaction. The research was focused on three and above three star rated hotels in Amhara Region, Ethiopia. The basic drive force of the researcher in this particular area was that the region has tremendous tourism destination in which hospitality business accompaniments required. Therefore, CRM issue and customer satisfaction in the hotel industry was an agenda for the researcher. Self-administered questionnaire in the form of 5 point Likert scale was the primary data collection instrument. 260 Hotel guests who stayed in the hotel, at least one night and more, during data collection had been selected at check-in time via stratified random sampling. Pearson correlation coefficient, ANOVA and multiple regression model were the inferential part of data analysis. SPSS version 23 was applied for data entry and presentation. All measures of CRM (people, technology, process and strategy) had positive relationship to customer satisfaction. People and strategy measures had positive and statistically significant contribution to customer satisfaction whereas technology and process measures had negative but statistically insignificant contribution. People element in these hotels was the best predictor of customer satisfaction. © IAEME Publication Scopus Indexed The main aim of the current study is to evaluate the opinions of the students at the departments of tourism and special education towards to the concept of sustainability of barrier-free tourism and society therefore with the light of this aim, and current study attempted to address how disabled individuals could have an access to the tourism and life opportunities as well as the challenges that they are experiencing while having an access to these opportunities, probable solutions which might be employed to cope with these challenges, universal rights of the disabled individuals about having an access and transportation in contexts barrier-free tourism practices in TRNCThe current study employed a semi-structured interview as a data collection tool. The study group of the current research consisted of 80 participants who are the students at the tourism and specialized education teaching departments at Near East University and the University of Kyrenia. Data were collected with 20 minutes face to face interviews. While performing data analysis, responses of the participants were categorized and placed to the tables and then the researcher(s) re-examined the classified data set and formed underlying themes and categories. With the light of the findings, it can be stated that education at universities, secondary and primary schools should be intensified to inject necessary information to the students regarding barrier free tourism and provision of health care services for disabled people. At the reffered point. joint commitment should be carried among ministry of education, tourism, heallth and municipalities to raise public awareness regarding barrier free tourism. Additionally media and press should design more programs regarding barrier free tourism at their broadcasting stream to raise public awareness, and in-service trainings for disabled people should be provided to employees in hotels. © 2020 The Authors. Journal Compilation and European Center of Sustainable Development. Some of the emerging issues related with European cities, such as gentrification, degradation of patrimony, social tensions, mass tourism and exclusion, are partially related to the way we have planned cities during the last century. Making our cities more and more attractive, through ambitious urban plans of transformation and renovation—such as the famous “Barcelona model”—should now evolve into a more inclusive and participative model. Since the 1970s, the claim for the city has accelerated the processes of participation that are now re-emerging in the urban and architectural processes in cities worldwide. Sustainable urban regeneration means collaborating with the inhabitants when transforming cities. It also means a change in the role of the architect and urban planner, which is within his or her reach, for a methodology of participation to work transversally with other specialists. Thus, new creative mechanisms of solidarity are required when regenerating our urban environment. This research* proposes to create a methodology for participatory action with new strategies (information and communication technology, mapping, big data cartographies and ludic tools such as urban sketching, tactic planning, opinion polls, collaborative webs, etc.), through classification via taxonomy of participation tools. It entails analysis of the present in several case studies in which the real actors of urban planning—its users—co-design the project. At the same time, some of the strategies are being experimented in collaborations between our students and the local community. The use of these methods is meant to listen to the voice of the inhabitants, involve them as actors and hold them responsible to induce changes in habits and mindsets. © 2020, University of Cantabria - Building Technology R&D Group. All rights reserved. Bus service is the most practical sustainable transport solution for National Park. Unfortunately, there are various kinds of difficulties that prevent sustainable transport from being perfectly running, which are basically from two birthplaces, the people and the facilities. Of these, the current investigation is conducted to study the supply chain strategy for achieving sustainable transport at National Park, Jerantut, Pahang Malaysia. This quantitative study conducted by using a survey questionnaire to different groups, i.e., local community and National Park visitors. The data analyzed using the descriptive statistics analysis, which consist of frequency, percentage, mean and standard deviation. Also, this study uses graphical descriptive analysis. The results of the analysis show that the car is the most favourable method of transport followed by motorcycle. The reasons are not solely because of the lack of bus service. However, both local and tourist feel that they are more accessible, more comfortable and faster than the public bus. Thus, this study suggested that public transport facilities must be upgraded with better roads and better bus stops. Payment methods and tickets' price is merely not a big issue for National Park. For promoting a sustainability issue, the National Park required more enhancements, not just the bus, the roads around also must be facilitated with more eco-friendly infrastructures to promote walking and cycling. © ExcelingTech Pub, UK. Nature tourism resorts are particularly sensitive to the impact of climate change and weather extremes, such as droughts, heatwaves, wildfires, extreme frost and flooding. While studies have been conducted to assess the implications of climate change on nature resorts in the global north, there is little understanding of how climate change will affect these resorts across Africa, where tourism is a significant contributor towards livelihood security for many. This study examined the evidence for and potential impacts of climate variability and change on nature-based tourism activities in the Kariba resort in Zimbabwe. A case study approach was used, with both primary and secondary data analysed using ArcGIS 10.3. Content and thematic analysis and Mann-Kendall trend analysis were also performed. The study revealed that nature-based tourism in Kariba is under threat from increased and intense droughts, likely resulting from climate change. Extreme temperatures and droughts are critical threats to biodiversity and water levels in Lake Kariba, and they undermine both certain tourist activities and destination attractiveness. Increased incidents of drought, among other factors, have likely led to a reduced hotel occupancy over the last two decades threatening tourism business viability. The paper recommends that the tourism industry in Kariba should streamline its operations, retrofit and invest in green buildings to adapt to climate change. Further studies are suggested to quantify the economic impacts of climate variability and change on flora and fauna. The results provide tourism players and other agencies with information that can support various management decisions and represent a benchmark for future monitoring of climate change in Kariba in line with the dictates of Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 13 on climate action. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd High quality, reliable data and robust models are central to the development and appraisal of transportation planning and policy. Although conventional data may offer good ‘content’, it is widely observed that it lacks context i.e. who and why people are travelling. Transportation modelling has developed within these boundaries, with implications for the planning, design and management of transportation systems and policy-making. This paper establishes the potential of passively collected GPS-based “Track & Trace” (T&T) datasets of individual mobility profiles towards enhancing transportation modelling and policy-making. T&T is a type of New and Emerging Data Form (NEDF), lying within the broader ‘Big Data’ paradigm, and is typically collected using mobile phone sensors and related technologies. These capture highly grained mobility content and can be linked to the phone owner/user behavioural choices and other individual context. Our meta-analysis of existing literature related to spatio-temporal mobile phone data demonstrates that NEDF's, and in particular T&T data, have had little mention to date within an applied transportation planning and policy context. We thus establish there is an opportunity for policy-makers, transportation modellers, researchers and a wide range of stakeholders to collaborate in developing new analytic approaches, revise existing models and build the skills and related capacity needed to lever greatest value from the data, as well as to adopt new business models that could revolutionise citizen participation in policy-making. This is of particular importance due to the growing awareness in many countries for a need to develop and monitor efficient cross-sectoral policies to deliver sustainable communities. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd This study aimed to investigate whether residents’ perceptions affected their life satisfaction and support towards sustainable tourism development in three small islands in Central Vietnam. Besides, this study also examined whether residents’ life satisfaction mediated the impact of their perceptions on support for sustainable tourism development. The data have been directly collected from the residents in three small islands located in Central Vietnam. The questionnaire was established based on the previous research, using a 5-point Likert scale. 400 questionnaires were distributed, and 332 responses were usable for data analysis. The data were analyzed by using SPSS 22 and AMOS 22. This study used a quantitative research method in order to examine the relationships among constructs. Specifically, structural equation modeling (SEM) was used in this research. As a result, residents’ positive perceptions had a positive impact on life satisfaction and residents’ negative perceptions did not exert an influence over their life satisfaction. Moreover, it was found that residents’ support for tourism development was positively related to their negative and positive perceptions. There was also a positive relationship between residents’ satisfaction with life and their support for tourism development. In addition, the findings indicated that life satisfaction partially mediated the impact of positive perceptions on support towards tourism development, and there was no mediating effect of satisfaction with life on the relationship between residents’ negative perceptions and their support towards tourism development. In line with the use of the social exchange theory, this research has given important contributions to residents’ perceptions, life satisfaction, and support for tourism development literature. Furthermore, from the results found in this research, the local authorities of three islands in Central Vietnam have some practical implications to develop sustainable tourism. © 2020, The Academy of Marketing Science. Students’ start-ups are making a significant contribution towards sustainable entrepreneurship development. Thus, this article examines the obstacles to sustainable entrepreneurship amongst university students of tourism and focuses on gender difference. The empirical analysis was based on data from 290 tourism students’ surveys accomplished in Spain, in the period from 2012 to 2018. Descriptive statistics were used for the data analysis and a t-test for gender comparison analysis. The research revealed that the students’ entrepreneurial intentions did not affect their evaluation of the barriers preventing them from creating their own businesses. The main barriers to new business creation were mainly related to economic factors (both societal and university related), the level of innovation in society, and the students’ self-confidence (mostly with regard to interest and motivation). Female students were more conscious of the possible obstacles to new business creation than male students. A significant difference between male and female students regarding personal obstacles was explained by the fact that the females considered their lack of entrepreneurial education as more significant than did the males. In addition, the female students tended to need more economic and practical support than male students. Finally, practical suggestions to encourage sustainable entrepreneurship amongst tourism students are discussed. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Purpose: The purpose of this paper was to examine the issues related to the ability of the tourism sector in Tobago to contribute towards the health and well-being of the nation in support of the sustainable development goal from the perspective of the tourism providers. Design/methodology/approach: Qualitative research methodology using semi-structured interviews was used to collect data from 29 tourism providers in Tobago. The sociological perspective of symbolic interactionism guided the study with a grounded theory approach for data analysis. Findings: The results revealed that the dominant themes that came out of the study were issues related to the process of knowledge acquisition, social production of vulnerability, controversies and challenges and collective capacity action that articulated the connection between the tourism sector in Tobago and health and well-being as a sustainable development goal. The study recommended the creation of a formal platform for discussion and knowledge sharing, support for key tourism providers involved in health and wellness activities, infrastructure development and the creation of a reporting mechanism that would facilitate the framing of the sustainability strategy for the tourism sector in Tobago. Practical implications: The paper contributed to the ongoing discourse on tourism and sustainable development with special emphasis on tourism contributing to realizing the health and well-being as a sustainable development goal for Tobago. Originality/value: The findings provided the original views of tourism providers based on their experiences, feelings and opinions concerning the tourism sector in Tobago and its ability to contribute to health and well-being as a sustainable development goal by 2030. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited. Tourism policy attempts to provide certainty to tourists and the community related to tourism development, so as to maximize the benefits of tourism to stakeholders and minimize the negative effects, costs, and other related impacts. This research was conducted with the aim of examining marine tourism community development for sustainable growth in East Java Province, Indonesia. It is qualitative research utilizing semi-structured interviews, non-participant observation and document analysis. In particular, this study adopts data analysis techniques in the form of an interactive model in which each stage of the research was adjusted as a result of the outcome from the previous stage. This research shows that the sustainable tourism development in East Java Province is a policy in development that has economic, socio-cultural, and environmental dimensions with a foundation of justice not only for the current generation but also for future generations. For this reason, tourism is seen as an interrelated system. Policy synergy is needed with a multi-sector and multi-disciplinary approach. Government, private and community synergy are needed and make East Java Province tourism identity in global competition. This research produces an alternative community-based tourism (CBT) that is useful in developing marine tourism in the coastal communities of East Java Province. © 2020. Kashmir, a politically sensitive region of the newly created union territory of India, is an attractive destination for tourists worldwide and is branded as “Heaven on Earth.” The existing research on tourism in Kashmir is centred on tourists and their well-being. Studies on the local communities are almost absent for the region even though it is an indispensable part of sustainable tourism. The present work is an attempt to analyse the factors that determine support for tourism by local residents in the Kashmir region. The primary data has been collected through questionnaire method from local residents of Pahalgam and Gulmarg, two top tourist destinations in the Kashmir region. PLS-SEM is applied for data analysis. Results revealed that economic benefits, economic costs, social costs, environmental benefits, political trust, and state of local economy had effects on the support for tourism development. © 2020 Asia Pacific Tourism Association. Understanding the interests of tourists is a key skill for attraction managers to prepare plans and make strategic decisions in tourism marketing. The rapid growth and spread of social media websites provide an information-rich channel from which tourism researchers and managers can collect a large amount of text-based reviews or comments and photos relating to the past travel experiences of users. The travel photos with geographic information are especially helpful in identifying the geographical location of the destinations. By analyzing these big data in various formats can help to understand the interests of tourists at destinations. In this paper, a framework is proposed to identify the interests of tourists by integrating information carried by the geotagged photos shared on social media websites. Such an approach is expected to provide sustainable tracking on popular places of interest (POIs) updated by tourists and pick the best representative photos taken by them. The performance of this model is evaluated by conducting a case study using the geotagged photos taken in Hong Kong. A case study proved this proposed framework could make a thriving tourism industry more efficient. © 2013 IEEE. In the last decades, and primarily in the present century the notion of welling being and receiving medical treatment has gone further than ever before alongside reduced transport costs, increased information availability and improved consumption ability. Now cross-border healthcare as a niche has emerged as a global trend from the rapid growth of economic globalization. This paper focuses on the rapid development of the cross-border healthcare theory. This paper first employs bibliometric to evaluate the current research on the cross-border healthcare. Based on an overall review of the research on the cross-border healthcare related issues, this paper figures out four research directions in this area, i.e., the general situation under a global perspective, the measurement research, the drive mechanism and the service mode of cross-border healthcare. Drawing on the current research, this paper systematically analyzes the gaps in the four directions, proposes an theoretical framework of cross-border healthcare research and extends the research scope into equalization of medical and health resources allocation brought by cross-border healthcare. Finally, we proposes three future research directions to offer new theoretical perspectives for cross-border healthcare research and how to realize the sustainable development in the practice process. In the first part, this paper analyses the current research status of cross-border healthcare. To identify relevant studies, we use the Web of Science database and CKNI database. The research query covers a period of 2005-2019 (January 2005 to September 2019). From the publications' distribution, we find that the relevant research is mainly published in the field of health service and tourism management, and has not attracted much attention by the mainstream management scholarly journals. Currently, cross-border healthcare is a global phenomenon from the perspective of population flow, and people usually seek medical treatment globally. There is not systematic research on the population flow from a global perspective, because the current research was investigated by questionnaires, case interviews and secondary data based on a given country perspective. In addition, the measurement research on cross-border healthcare only provides fragmented evidence of cross-border healthcare phenomenon to some extent, however, does not form a convincing explanation logic. Furthermore, the fundamental theories and research on the reasons, decision-making process and the influences of cross-border healthcare have not been well developed. Relevant research is based on the specific stage of cross-border healthcare's development, thus, lacks in the explanation for the people's cross-border healthcare behavior. The systematic research on cross-border healthcare's driving mechanism still needs more exploration. Based on previous research, this paper puts forward the integrated concept framework for the driving mechanism research on cross-border healthcare. In the second part, this paper discusses the trend of cross-border healthcare in the new era. The rapid evolution of Internet of Things (IoT), big data analysis, artificial intelligence, 3D printing has presented an opportunity to change the medical and healthcare industry deeply, which is gradually changing from the supply-oriented to the demand-oriented, data-driven service mode. The upgrading of data-driven cross-border healthcare service mode has become a new direction for the value realization of global medical and healthcare resources allocation. In addition, the new service mode of cross-border healthcare has emerged as the Internet-based cross-border medical service platform, further empowering cross-border medical service, expanding the health service space,increasing the medical accessibility, so as to meet the multi-level needs of global patients by providing diversified and multi-level products. The medical treatment needs of the global cross-border healthcare population present the characteristics of diversity, with special medical service needs becoming a new trend. The new trend requires that all countries involved in the global medical and health resources network should focus on mining the value of medical and health data, working collaboratively on the synergy of domestic and foreign medical and health resources so as to connect the supply side efficiently with the demand side. In the third part, this paper proposes the future research directions in cross-border healthcare, namely the impact path and mechanism of the new cross-border healthcare service mode on the patients' behavior, the allocation strategy of medical and health resources in the Internet era, universal health coverage based on cross-border healthcare. For each direction, we propose the problems needing to be addressed, the potential theoretical gaps, and potential research directions. By doing so, this paper provides insights to the future research and practice for cross-border healthcare on how to conduct cross-border healthcare in the new era. In summary, the future research should focus on local characteristics in the context of globalization and improve the understanding of theory about cross-border healthcare, providing theoretical guidance for the practice on the optimal allocation of global medical and health resource. © 2020. All Rights Reserved. Since consumers, governments, and society in general are increasingly concerned about the loss of natural resources, along with pollution of the environment, there is currently a significant tendency to recognize the value of green innovation toward the achievement of sustainable development. Hotels are considered responsible for a considerable proportion of the environmental pollution caused by the tourism industry. Yet, few studies have considered the effects that green innovation may have on sustainable performance in the hotel industry. Consequently, the present study aimed to investigate the factors influencing the adoption of green innovation, and its potential effects on the performance of the hotel industry. Data collection was performed through inspection of 183 hotels in Malaysia. Data analysis was carried out employing the partial least squares method. The two factors of environmental and economic performance were determined to have the strongest influence, affecting the green innovation procedures positively and significantly. The results of the present study have major implications for hospitality research, since they demonstrate the importance and potential of green innovation in promoting sustainable performance in the hotel industry. The proposed model and the identified influencing factors of green innovation can assist policy makers and hotel managers in understanding the drivers leading to the adoption of these practices in the hotel industry. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd As the airport of the future is expected to become a multimodal connection platform, one of the main challenges is to create the conditions for travelers to reach their destination by the most efficient and sustainable combination of modes. This will, furthermore, allow the airport and its surrounding region to make a better use of their resources. In this context, the H2020-SESAR-2019-2 funded project IMHOTEP, aims at developing a concept of operations and a set of data analysis methods, predictive models and decision support tools that allow information sharing, common situational awareness and real-time collaborative decision-making between airports and ground transport stakeholders. In this paper, the IMHOTEP concepts are presented. The focus is on the project proposed objectives and methodologies applied. Finally, the project expected results and limitations will be discussed. © 2020 The Authors. Purpose: This paper aims to bridge micro-entrepreneurship, sharing economy and community-based tourism (CBT) literature by analyzing the specific ways in which technological platforms mitigate risks and create opportunities that benefit local communities. Design/methodology/approach: Six online platforms (two local and four international) used by tourism micro-entrepreneurs in Thailand were systematically analyzed to compare and contrast nuances in their business models, as well as their features to highlight benefits to CBT. Thematic analysis was used in the data analysis. Findings: Three different types of business models based on tourism offers, membership policy and contributions to the destination community were identified. The variety of tourism offers includes tailor-made tours and private tour guides, local food experiences, skilled workshops and other local/community-based activities. Importantly, Thai platforms work closely with the Thai Government to promote tourism micro-entrepreneurship. Originality/value: This paper adds to tourism micro-entrepreneurship, sharing economy and CBT literature by dissecting the business models of online platforms and their roles as mediators of CBT, discussing the platforms’ contributions to the achievement of sustainable development goals. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited. Recently, healthcare has undergone a sector-wide transformation thanks to advances in computing, networking technologies, big data, and artificial intelligence. Healthcare is not only changing from being reactive and hospital-centered to preventive and personalized, but it is also changing from being disease focused to well-being centered. Healthcare systems, as well as fundamental medicine research, are becoming smarter and enabled in biomedical engineering. This special issue on “Selected Papers from 2019 IEEE Eurasia Conference on Biomedical Engineering, Healthcare, and Sustainability (IEEE ECBIOS 2019)” selected nine excellent papers from 160 papers presented at IEEE ECBIOS 2019 on the topics of environmental health sciences and public health. Our aim is to encourage scientists to publish their experimental and theoretical research to promote scientific predictions and impact assessments of global change and development. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. There is no doubt that the tourism sector has become one of the major contributors to development and considered as agent of change for many parts of the world. The strengths of tourism (or community based rural tourism, CBRT in this context) are described in various forms; as a tool in economic and physical development and as means to enhance the social and human capital development and conservation of natural environment. In rural areas especially in developing countries, tourism development had been eagerly embraced as a panacea for revitalising the rural economy, hence many government agencies, particularly tourism-related bodies, have also invested heavily to promote more sustainable forms of community-based tourism in rural areas. Under normal situation i.e. where CBRT is operated outside disaster prone areas or with notion of less considerations on reducing disaster risk in operating a tourism business, CBRT might flourish in rural areas, and in return would be able to secure local job creation, stable income generation, curbing outmigration among youths and workers, protecting natural resources and local culture, etc. As for CBRT programmes which are operating in disaster-prone areas, their operators might not share similar opinions as they have to cope with different issues and challenges, which in this context, challenges in generating sufficient income for sustaining their operation and also in reducing disaster risk and potential losses to their business. This paper will discuss possible challenges in sustaining CBRT programmes in disaster-prone areas based on the findings from data analysis of a case study of homestay operators in Mesilou Village in Sabah, Malaysia, particularly after the 2015 earthquake. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. Yangmingshan National Park occupies half of Taipei's area in Taiwan. However, due to urbanization, many problems have arisen, including transportation, housing, food, shopping, development management, and ecological protection. Among them, the transportation problem is the key issue. To analyze the transportation problem, we construct the graph analytical model to present the logical meaning of the traffic/tourist distribution in time and space and to reflect the traffic functionality of each tourist attraction area. Based on this model, we can deploy it on the cloud as an intelligence analysis service to explore the recreation function of the national park area by analyzing the flows of tourism and traffic with open data. Enabling urban intelligence with big data and AI, sustainable improvement of people's lives, city operation systems, and the environment can be achieved. We hope the introduction of urban intelligence service benefits the development of Yangmingshan National Park, effectively solving the problems of traffic congestion, environmental degradation, and cumbersome planning dilemma.  © 2020 IEEE. Sustained real-time ocean observation systems using moored data buoys are vital for the understanding of ocean dynamics and variability to improve oceanographic services such as weather prediction, ocean state forecast, cyclone tracking, tsunami monitoring, and climate change studies. The Indian Tsunami Buoy System (ITBS) developed and operated by the National Institute of Ocean Technology (NIOT) provides vital inputs to the Indian Tsunami Early Warning System (ITEWS) by confirming the propagation of tsunami in the deep ocean; estimating its travel time to the shore; assessing possible impacts on the coastline of the Indian Ocean rim countries during a Tsunamigenic earthquake. The ITBS presently comprises a network of 4 moored surface buoys (MSB); two systems (2) in the Bay of Bengal (BoB) and two systems (2) in the Arabian Sea. The MSB transmits the received data to the INMARSAT satellite terminal, which, in turn, transmits it to the NIOT and Indian National Center for Ocean Information Services (INCOIS) data analysis center, through the Land Earth Station and public networks. Continuous improvements in energy storage, satellite-based communication, deep ocean moorings data analysis tools and by following standards best practices, the Mean Time Between Failure (MTBF) of a tsunami buoy communicating from the location to the NIOT-Mission Control Center (NIOT-MCC) through INMARSAT telemetry has been increased from 0.3 years in 2007 to 0.9 years in 2015. They include processor health monitoring using health monitoring module in which the heart beat pulse of the Data Acquisition System (DAS) is monitored by the microcontroller and restores functions when there is a functional interruption. Features to reset the processor hardware during prolonged outages, remote calibration facility and mooring watch circle which are aimed at increasing the availability of the time-critical system are also incorporated. The 4 node network has recorded a MTBF of 1.62 years, with a system availability of 98.3%. The required minimum maintenance interval has increased from 12 months to 24 months. Based on the achieved MTBF, maintenance experiences and the ship availability, the tsunami buoy systems (TBS) are maintained based on a 4-slot annual maintenance program. A DAS with energy-efficient design helps in decreasing the energy consumption and increases the offshore endurance of the MSB thereby reducing the required ship time and the huge maintenance costs involved. A distributed battery configuration, in addition to reduced energy consumption has advantages in operating a section of the DAS during battery failures, which increases the partial availability of the DAS. In a scenario, when the battery pack powering the telemetry fails, the pressure sensor monitoring and processing circuit remains healthy, enabling data availability for post-event analysis. This article describes the development and performance validation of the energy-efficient and reliable data acquisition system (DAS) for ITBS. The moored surface buoy (MSB) with the customized DAS, data encryption techniques, distributed battery architecture with 6-hour reporting interval helps in reducing the MSB power consumption from 5.5Ah to 0.79Ah/day and DAC annual probability of failure from 2.6 to 0.4%. The field performance of the system is validated from April 2019 for 200 days of interruption-free continuous offshore operation in the prototype tsunami buoy system at the location 18 38' 9.6' N, 67 11' 34.8 E in the Arabian Sea. By implementing this development in the ITBS will improve the reliability and reduce energy costs. © 2020 IEEE. Mobility is experiencing a revolution, as advanced communications, computers with big data capacities, efficient networks of sensors, and signals, are developing value-added applications such as intelligent spaces and autonomous vehicles. Another new technology that is both promising and might even be pervasive for faster, safer and more environmentally-friendly public transport (PT) is the development of autonomous vehicles (AVs). This study aims to understand the state of the current research on the artificially intelligent transportation system (ITS) and AVs through a critical evaluation of peer-reviewed literature. This study’s findings revealed that the majority of existing research (around 82% of studies) focused on AVs. Results show that AVs can potentially reduce more than 80% of pollutant emissions per mile if powered by alternate energy resources (e.g., natural gas, biofuel, electricity, hydrogen cells, etc.). Not only can private vehicle ownership be cut down by bringing in ridesharing but the average vehicle miles travelled (VMT) should also be reduced through improved PT. The main benefits of AV adoption were reported in the literature to be travel time, traffic congestion, cost and environmental factors. Findings revealed barriers such as technological uncertainties, lack of regulation, unawareness among stakeholders and privacy and security concerns, along with the fact that lack of simulation and empirical modelling data from pilot studies limit the application. AV–PT was also found to be the most sustainable strategy in dense urban areas to shift the heavy trip load from private vehicles. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Many of the existing travel behavior models fall short in characterizing the gender differences in transportation. Understanding these differences aids development of sustainable cities typically from a social equity perspective. In this research paper, authors identify a modeling framework to determine the work choice propensity among females in the city of Bangalore. An initial data analysis provides a descriptive variation of the work choice propensity among males and females, and the further regression models elicits the impact of various factors on the work choice propensity of individuals. In the regression framework, the interaction model examines the existence of gendered variation in the influence of various factors, and subsequent models estimates the influence of these factors separately for males and females. The significant impact of the gender incorporated interaction terms in the study reflected the need for gender specific market segment. Further, the stronger influence of social conformation factors on the work choice of women indicated the need for flexible working hours and childcare facilities at work for women. In a developing country context, the study also elicited the role of awareness and educational programs to revamp the societal attitudes, rooted on the patriarchal mind-set, against women's work participation. © 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. Jia, F., 2020. A study on the image perception of tourist destinations in coastal cities based on big data analysis. In: Bai, X. and Zhou, H. (eds.), Advances in Water Resources, Environmental Protection, and Sustainable Development. Journal of Coastal Research, Special Issue No. 115, pp. 106-109. Coconut Creek (Florida), ISSN 0749-0208. The attraction of tourist destination is the core element of tourism behavior, which plays a decisive role in the decision-making of tourist destination, and is of great significance to the improvement of the competitiveness of tourist destination and the development of tourism industry. Taking Hangzhou as an example, the semantic emotion of the data text is analyzed, the evaluation model of the attractiveness of tourist destinations is constructed, the coastal cities are analyzed and evaluated using the analysis of big data and semantic networks and IPA analysis results, and the management of the Tourism Administration is provided as a basis for the management of the Coastal City, and the advantages of the coastal city and the improved local and future development direction are put forward with targeted and feasible opinions on the image development and attractiveness of the coastal city.  © Coastal Education and Research Foundation, Inc. 2020. The application of gaming techniques and its measurement have engendered many discussions. Premised on the gamification dimensions of loyalty programs, advertising, and promotions, and creating or developing new services, this study examines the effect of the dimensions of gamification on the elements of customers' experience in the Hospitality industry. Utilising the survey research design and two-stage sampling technique, 700 customers of hotels and restaurants were sampled in the Nigerian Hospitality sector. The multivariate analysis was used in data analysis. The results reveal that gamification significantly affects customers' experience. The findings showed that creating new services is the most significant measure of gamification affecting customers' experience. The study also established that loyalty programmes, advertising, and promotion, and creating new services as dimensions of gamification are drivers of customers' experience. Firms in the service sector should pay attention to the issue of gamification in order to create a better customer experience, which could sustain competitiveness in the long-run. The study recommends that gamification strategies should be utilized in the hospitality industry. Emphases should be placed on making sure the customers' have peace of mind while patronizing the hospitality and tourism industry. The study contributes to the literature on the utilization of gamification in the Hospitality industry. The study analyzed the interaction between gamified services and customers' experience by utilizing each element of gamification separately. © 2020 Center for International Scientific Research of VSO and VSPP. All right reserved. For tourist cities, the ecological footprint not only affects tourism competitiveness but also affects green development. This paper adopted an improved ecological footprint accounting model, used a series of relevant indicators of ecological footprint to compare the green development efficiency, and explored the main driving factors of the per capita ecological footprint and city classification of 16 major tourist cities in China from 2000 to 2017. The results show that the green development efficiency of the studied tourist cities still needs to be improved. Secondly, the panel data analysis shows that the proportion of the primary industry in GDP, the proportion of the secondary industry in GDP, the per capita investment in fixed assets, and the length of highways per 10,000 people can increase the per capita ecological footprint. Then, the cluster analysis divides the selected tourist cities into four categories, and different types of cities need to be managed differently. Finally, this paper puts forward corresponding suggestions to improve the quality of the green development of selected tourist cities. The in-depth study of the ecological footprint in this paper will provide a scientific basis for tourist cities to promote green economic growth that considers ecological footprint and GDP and achieve sustainable development of tourism. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. The growth of Jabodetabek (Jakarta-Bogor-Depok-Tangerang-Bekasi) Metropolitan Areas raises several problems including the occurrence of traffic congestion in various parts of the metropolitan area. This congestion occurs partly because of the increasing number and use of private vehicles, especially by workers who commute mobility within the Jabodetabek metropolitan areas. The pattern of movement from the place of residence to the place of work in the metropolitan area is also a factor causing congestion. The purpose of this study is to find out the extent to which the distance factor measured by geographical distance and the proximity of the area between the place of residence and place of work has an impact on the preference for the use of transportation modes by workers who are commuting. In accordance with the availability of data in the Sakernas 2017 (National Labor Force Survey 2017) Micro Data, the transportation mode preference consists of two choices: public transportation mode or private transportation mode. The Sakernas 2017 micro data analysis was conducted with descriptive analysis (cross tabulation) and inferential analysis (Binary Logit Regression). The analysis shows that the probability of using public transportation tends to be used by workers whose travel distance is longer (above 10 km), in areas that do not directly border between residence and workplace, female workers, young workers, workers with education Junior high school and below,and workers who work in the agricultural sector. Urban managers covering the Greater Jakarta Metropolitan Area should continue to disseminate and promote the importance of using public transportation in travel from place of residence to place of work to reduce traffic congestion and urban air pollution. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. In this paper, we used social network analysis (SNA) method to establish and analyse the network structure of the tourist flow of Jiangsu Province in China based on big data, and built a variable model to analyse its influencing factors. The results show that there is an obvious core-edge structure in the network of tourist flow. The centrality index in the southern region of Jiangsu Province is better than that in the northern region. The road distance is the main factor restricting the flow between regions, and the quantity of trains has a significant impact on the tourist flow. That is to say, a place with convenient transportation is the primary choice for people to travel. High quality of tourist facilities and online tourist products can attract tourists. They are also the driving factors for southern Jiangsu Province to play a great role in the tourist flow network. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. This paper is based on a Contingent Valuation (CV) survey conducted in Kalam valley, which is a famous tourist and biodiversity hot spot. The valley has remained underdeveloped in terms of infrastructure, tourists' information facilities, telecommunication, affordable public transport system, and comfortable accommodation for the tourists. In the past few years, the development of this tourists' spot has been neglected in the public development budget. Moreover, due to the war against militancy in Swat, the frequency of tourists was declined in the valley. As a consequence, the livelihoods of the local population were adversely affected. As public financial resources for the development of the area have been meagre in the past, therefore, this study is aimed to estimate tourists' Willingness to Pay (WTP) for development and biodiversity conservation. A wellstructured interview schedule was used and face to face interviews were conducted with a total of 264 tourists. Travel Cost Method (TCM) and poisson regression techniques were used for data analysis. The results reveal that 98 percent of the sampled tourists were willing to pay for the development and conservation in the area. Moreover, 37 percent of the sampled tourists were willing to pay Rs.100 (0.94 US$) per visit as an entry fee. The analysis further showed that an estimated amount of 421 million Rupees (3.97 million US$) could be generated as consumer surplus. The poisson regression estimates show that visitors' frequency to the site is significantly affected by traveling cost, gender, and visitors' perception of the quality of the site. The policy should legislate to introduce payment system for visiting the tourist site to generate funds for its development. Moreover, development programs shall be initiated to attract tourists vis-a-vis realize the objectives of the sustainable management and conservation of biodiversity. © ResearchersLinks Ltd. This study aims to analyse the relationship between national shipping and various factors and its relevance to the blue economy. The analysis using data of 84 countries has found the strong effect of shipping building, international trade and registration on the size of national fleets. In addition, all else being the same, top oil exporting countries and open registry countries have stronger fleet than the other countries. While tourism and fisheries are known to be important contributors to the blue economy, they do not have a significant effect on national shipping. This could be due to the fact that relationships between these sectors have yet been significant. The comparison of sustainable (weighted) ranking and weighted rankings show very significant differences between these. The former is more in favour of countries with a significant maritime industry. © 2019 International Association of Maritime Universities. All Rights Reserved. We analyzed a part of the global ecosystem and massive data known as Internet of Things and Big Data respectively, with theoretical or applied security models. The problem is the introduction of solutions in public security, user privacy and cybernetic coercion, to deliver trusted services for data generated from public networks. The objective is to define a prototype of security model applied to Internet of Things with Big Data for tourism management in cities of Ecuador. Were applied the deductive method and the exploration to examine the information of the referenced researches. It turned out the following: Architecture prototype for the tourism management, Security model applied to architecture, Flowchart for the management of tourism information and Formula of lost packages. It was concluded that a data security strategy is necessary through a correct routing, reliable and high availability that allows to increase its level of reliability; also have a captive portal by sectors, which allows us to generate confidentiality agreements to guarantee the privacy of data; the model should be considered at the country level for a standard management of tourist information. © 2019 IEEE. For sustainable tourism development, sustainable use of tourism resources should be ensured by appropriate development and utilization considering environment protection and nature conservation. In Jeju, 169 Oreums out of the 368 Oreums are hard to maintain and manage because of lack of manpower and budgets. The climbing path and crater of Oreum are being damaged as the number of visitors to Oreums increases to 22.7 million per year. Jeju special self-governing province has conducted a nature rest period for major Oreums and has installed an expensive system to measure the number of visitors by the pilot project. In this paper, we developed the smart tourism monitoring device to measure the number of visitors and environmental data of sightseeing spots such as fine dust amount, temperature and humidity, wind speed, snowfall. The field data measured by the device will be provided to the user via a big data analysis. © BEIESP. Spatial information technology is a strategic and emerging industry worldwide. The diversified application of remote sensing technology and massive data featuring the integration of spatial information technology with the big data era has now become a mere reality. Hainan Province, relying on its unique natural and geographical environment, adheres to ecological development and is the largest provincial-level special economic zone in China. Hainan Province is also currently implementing a national strategy for an international tourism island. The major scientific and technological plan for Hainan Province, which was established in 2016, is a demonstration project for the construction and application of the remote sensing big data service platform in the province. With the large-data infrastructure and intelligent shared service platform represented by the Hainan remote sensing big data cloud, the demonstration of space technology applications in a typical industry in Hainan Province is realized to meet the needs of spatial information products in the socio-economic development in the new era of personalized shared service requirements. The project focuses on numerous key technical problems in the sharing of large-scale space observation data and information products, eliminating the current spatial data dispersion and information of island phenomenon, improving the accuracy and timeliness of spatial information acquisition, and achieving information resource sharing and efficient service. Under the integrated remote sensing big data service platform, application demonstration is conducted in typical industries, such as coastal zone, agriculture, forestry, tourism, urban environment, and provincial-level application-oriented information system for typical industries. The big data service platform envisages to provide timely and effective dynamic monitoring information to scientific decision-making platform to further enhance the ability of the government departments in resource and environmental management and achieve coordinated and sustainable development of resources, environment, economy, and society of the province. © 2019, Science Press. All right reserved. Bureaucratic reform's goal regarding the tourism is to increase tourist attractiveness by analyzing cultural tourism development efforts from public services. The type of research used is phenomenology. Determination of informants was determined by the snowball method, with data collection techniques carried out by observation, semi-structured interviews, and documentation. This study used 9 informants, 3 domestic tourists, 2 foreign tourists and 4 people from the local government. The data analysis technique used follows an interactive model which includes collection, data condensation, data presentation, and verification/drawing conclusions. The results showed that good service by the regional government of Tana Toraja regency would be directly proportional to the development of tourism objects through the application of information technology as a marketing medium, namely by using online media to be a guide to the progress of the tourism sector. Service quality affects the attractiveness of tourist objects, organizations that manage tourist attractions, and tourists themselves. The success of the bureaucratic reform carried out by the local government of Tana Toraja Regency in the tourism sector regarding public services has a positive impact in increasing the number of tourists. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. Growing concerns about urban sustainability, economic and public health vitality, and climate change are common features across the world. Transportation is often inextricably linked to these concerns and this necessitates the development of robust and scalable tools that can assist in timely understanding of the agent-system interactions. Such expedient but accurate analyses are critical for policymaking, especially in the current environment where urban mobility is witnessing a rapid transformation. To support such analyses, we demonstrate a novel methodology that implements a top-down large-scale agent-based simulation of urban travel using Global Positioning System (GPS) derived raw sightings. Specifically, we constructed the daily activity and travel patterns of devices (i.e. agents) using GPS data for a single day (Wednesday, March 6, 2019) for the entire continental United States. Data filtering techniques were applied to identify approximately 2.7 million smart devices (out of a daily total of 30.5 million) that were highly visible and mobile. We sourced roadway network data for the entire North America from Open Street Maps (OSM). We then fed the daily activity and travel records of agents along with the roadway network data into MATSim, an agent-based travel simulator, to produce highly spatiotemporally resolved agent activities along with their estimated travel trajectories. We processed these travel trajectories (1.5 billion records) to estimate vehicle miles traveled (VMT) for each U.S. state and modeled vehicle volumes per roadway link in the continental U.S. Overall, we found strong rank correlations between our results and Federal Highway Administration's VMT estimates, although absolute measures displayed a higher variability. We observed similar trends (i.e. low rank correlation errors but higher absolute errors) at the disaggregate roadway link level when comparing our extrapolated traffic volumes against roadway count station data from a select state (Florida). Finally, root mean squared error of our roadway volume estimates are comparatively similar to those for Florida's regionwide travel demand models indicating a satisfactory model performance. The proposed methodology in our study demonstrates that such big data-powered large-scale agent-based simulations may provide value in estimating and predicting travel demand. © 2019 IEEE. Today, recommender systems are increasingly used due to its success in several areas such as e-commerce, tourism, social networks, and e-learning. Indeed, most of the computing environment for human learning, especially the online learning platforms have a very large number of learners’ profiles, thousands of courses, and various educational resources. However, students often face many challenges, such as the absence of a real solution of recommendation to orientate them to take more appropriate learning materials. In this article, we develop a recommendation engine for the e-learning platform in order to help learners to easily find the most proper pedagogical resources without any search effort. It aims to discover relationships between student’s courses activities through the association rules mining method. We also focus on the analysis of past historical data of the courses enrollments or log data. The article discusses particularly the frequent itemsets concept to determine the interesting rules among objects in the transaction database. Then, we use the extracted rules to find the list of suitable courses according to the learner’s behaviors and preferences. Next, we implement our system using Apriori algorithm and R, which is efficient big data analysis language and environment, on data collected from ESTenligne [ESTenLigne project is supported by the EST Network of Morocco and the Eomed association (http://www.eomed.org )] platform database of High school of Technology of Fez. Finally, the experimental results prove the effectiveness and reliability of the proposed system to increase the quality of student’s decision, guide them during the learning process and provide targeted online learning courses to meet the needs of the learners. © 2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG. Introduction: Despite existing health strategies and guidelines developed to counteract the problem of mother-to-child HIV transmission, it seems that only a certain number of HIV-exposed children aged under five years are managed properly. Poor implementation of guidelines has been reported as one of the factors contributing to poor management of HIV- exposed children under five years of age. However, the complexity of the problems within the South African context and forces that drive them have not been broadly explored and documented. Material and methods: The researchers used an integrative literature review design to explore the impediments to and reasons for poor management of children under five years of age exposed to HIV in South Africa. The review was guided by the stages of the integrative literature review, which include problem identification, literature search, data evaluation, and data analysis and presentation. The researchers conducted an electronic search of a number of databases, and applied the Boolean ‘and’ / ‘or’ in combination with phrases such as HIV infection*; HIV transmission; HIV-exposed infant*, children, neonate*; South Africa; and South African. Ancestry searching was also used. Included studies were limited to peer-reviewed articles written in English from 2005 to 2017 in South Africa, covering prevention of mother-to-child transmission (PMTCT). Results: The findings of this integrative literature review suggest that poor documentation, loss to follow-up, poor response to polymerase chain reaction testing and poor quality of postnatal care remain core impediments that threaten the effectiveness of the PMTCT programme. Conclusion: Context-based intervention strategies are needed to tackle these weaknesses, in order to improve PMTCT implementation in South Africa. The findings of this integrative literature review could be beneficial to enable health professionals and policy makers to better understand the impediments that still exist in the PMTCT programme. © 2020 The Authors In recent years, with the steady growth of tourism, more and more people choose eco-tourism scenic spots, and the number of safety accidents increases year by year. The most important concern of tourists is safety. As the lifeline of tourism development, tourism safety is not only important to cultural tourism but also to natural tourism. Safety is guaranteed and tourism enterprises can be developed, therefore, in order to ensure the safety of tourists, it is imperative to strengthen tourism safety management and tourist safety awareness system. Taking Cui Huashan Mountain Scenic Spot as an example, this paper collects data, analyzes the tourism safety problems, studies the safety management system, seeks effective and feasible solutions, promotes the self-protection ability and safety consciousness of tourists, and improves the safety protection measures, in order to provide reference for the safety measures of tourism development in Qinling Mountains. � 2019 Aussino Academic Publishing House. This paper intends to understand the cultural, stylistic and historical significance of architectural heritage in Brunei Darussalam in order to ensure its safeguarding and sustainability. This paper focuses on the use of digital technologies to support the surveying and archival analysis of architectural heritage in Brunei Darussalam. Through the methods of digital humanities, this current research endeavour is focused on documentation (geometric, architectural, and historical) through 2D and 3D drawings, creating digital and interactive maps for geo-spatial, contextual, and phenomenological navigation to locate architectural heritage. This research demonstrates the potential of digital technologies in the study and safeguarding of architectural heritage and the instrumentalization of this data to create an interactive and open access platform designed for education, conservation, cultural management, safeguarding awareness, social responsibility, and tourism development. © 2019 IEEE. Outdoor advertising, as one of the important means of commercial, public welfare information dissemination and city image management, plays an important role in the city. Especially in the construction of new urban tourism area, it can provide scientific and reasonable technical support for planning, construction management and decision-making of urban planning. Based on the practice of outdoor advertising zoning planning project in Dawangshan tourist resort of Xiangjiang New District, Changsha City, this study, on the basis of in-depth study of current situation and planning, uses spatial syntax and big data model analysis method, combines with urban planning management and industrial demands, to analyze and construct the outdoor advertising spatial planning layout structure that matches the overall function of the city and coordinates with the function of the zoning. On this basis, the control and management area of outdoor advertisement is delineated, and the index system of the control and control of outdoor advertisement zones is established through the regional differences and grade differences of outdoor advertisement settings. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. The lower cost of sensors is making possible the acquisition of big data sets in several applications and research areas. Indoor air quality and commuter exposure to pollutants are some of these areas, which can have impacts on our livelihood. The main objective of this exploratory research was to assemble portable equipment along with a prototype, one low-cost and easy to replicate in any location worldwide. We answer how CO2, noise and energy expenditure compare in different transportation modes with indoor environments (metro, bus and car). It was intended to be carried by a subject on all commutes. The low-cost equipment assembled has the ability to measure ambient CO2, noise levels, heart rate and geographic coordinates. The field campaign was conducted on an urban commuting route, in Lisbon city, between Rossio (downtown of Lisbon city) and Campo Grande (near FCUL campus). It took place during 3 weeks in school break and 3 weeks in the school period to grasp some differences between these periods of the year. The heart rate data was used to calculate the subject energy expenditure and the geographic coordinate data allowed for time and spatial analysis using a geospatial software package. Our measurements totaled 70 one-way trips and 358,140 data points. Temporal and spatial analysis yielded the following results: The metro presents the lowest median CO2 concentrations of 693 ppm and the bus the highest with 1085 ppm. The bus had an equivalent continuous sound average (Leq) of 75 dBA, while the metro had 85.2 dBA. Based on the metabolic equivalent of task (MET) calculations, the metro displays the least sedentary behavior, while the bus presents the most sedentary behavior with up to 96.5% of its commute spent in this classification. The metro was the fastest mode of transportation based on the consistency of its travel times compared to the bus, which despite also being consistent, was slower by 1.8 times. The car measurement values reside in the middle of the metro and bus results. Despite this, it is considered the worst mode of transportation, as it goes against the idea of a less congested and clean city. It also has a highly variable commuting time, which sometimes makes it slower than the metro, especially during the school period. According to our results, we concluded that the metro had efficient indoor ventilation while the bus did not. There were several instances of inefficient ventilation with concentrations exceeding 1000 ppm, particularly between Restauradores and Saldanha due to overcrowding. Referring to the health impacts of noise, the metro dBA levels are not sustained for enough time to have any measurable negative impact. Sensor performance was considered acceptable for the CO2 sensor. The dBA and heart rate (HR) sensors were considered acceptable to sometimes irregular in nature, which was expected and taken into consideration. © 2020 by the authors. High-speed railways improve mobility and enhance accessibility between regions, thereby substantially expanding and promoting social and economic activities. The aim of this study was to examine whether the introduction of the high-speed KTX Gyeonggang Line to support the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics and Paralympics in South Korea had an effect on how tourism to the PyeongChang region is perceived. We extracted tourism-related keywords from social network services and major portal sites used in South Korea, and analysed them for the year before and the year after the opening of the line. The results of the study suggest that there was an initial high interest in the opening of the line and an expectation of a reduction in physical travel time and of an increase in regional development. After the opening of KTX, the results suggest a higher recognition of PyeongChang and the surrounding area as sightseeing destinations. The implications are that the opening of the KTX Gyeonggang Line improved tourism attractiveness and accessibility along with the legacy of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics and that it is considered to be a major factor affecting the sustainable development of tourist attractions in the PyeongChang area and tourists' perception and future behaviour. © 2020 AJHTL /Author/s-Open Access-Online.                              Air pollution imposes significant environmental and health risks worldwide and is expected to deteriorate in the coming decade as cities expand. Measuring population exposure to air pollution is crucial to quantifying risks to public health. In this work, we introduce a big data analytics framework to model residents’ stay and commuters’ travel exposure to outdoor PM                             2.5                              and evaluate their environmental justice, with Beijing as an example. Using mobile phone and census data, we first infer travel demand of the population to derive residents’ stay activities in each analysis zone, and then focus on commuters and estimate their travel routes with a traffic assignment model. Based on air quality observations from monitoring stations and a spatial interpolation model, we estimate the outdoor PM                             2.5                              concentrations at a 500-m grid level and map them to road networks. We then estimate the travel exposure for each road segment by multiplying the PM                             2.5                              concentration and travel time spent on the road. By combining the estimated PM                             2.5                              exposure and housing price harnessed from online housing transaction platforms, we discover that in the winter, Beijing commuters with low wealth level are exposed to 13% more PM                             2.5                              per hour than those with high wealth level when staying at home, but exposed to less PM                             2.5                              by 5% when commuting the same distance (due to lighter traffic congestion in suburban areas). We also find that the residents from the southern suburbs of Beijing have both lower level of wealth and higher stay- and travel- exposure to PM                             2.5                             , especially in the winter. These findings inform more equitable environmental mitigation policies for future sustainable development in Beijing. Finally, or the first time in the literature, we compare the results of exposure estimated from passive data with subjective measures of perceived air quality (PAQ) from a survey. The PAQ data was collected via a mobile-app. The comparison confirms consistencies in results and the advantages of the big data for air pollution exposure assessments.                          © 2018 The lack of understanding and definitional inconsistencies regarding agritourism and the importance of cooperation in sustaining this kind of tourism are underlined in the literature. This study analyzes the perceptions of agritourism and cooperation from actors in the sector using a plurality of methods, including unsupervised (a) text mining and (b) sentiment analysis with the use of a lexical database, as well as (c) supervised qualitative data analysis. Based on the assumption that destinations with different geographic characteristics have different features and products, two different destinations as for its accessibility and tourism recognition were selected for comparison: (a) an island-Lesvos in the North Aegean Sea, and (b) a continental mountain region-Plastiras Lake, in Greece. The data were collected from personal in-depth interviews and with the use of semi-structured questionnaires. From a methodological perspective, all three methods provided unique insights on the study's themes, and the overall image of agritourism and cooperation was positive. A common understanding seems important for cooperation and networking; however, training is needed not only for effective promotion of agritourism, but also for cooperation techniques, benefits, trust-building mechanisms and best practices. © 2019 by the authors. Although several studies have researched the hotel employees' environmental behavior, none has addressed the hotel employees' perception of their respective hotels' sustainability practices. This study aims to investigate the sustainable practices in four and five star hotels in a Mediterranean island by employing Global Sustainable Tourism Council (GSTC) hotel criteria indicators, indicators of sustainable development for tourism destinations (WTO), and the European Union's (EU) sustainability framework for the Mediterranean hotels-"Nearly Zero-Energy Hotels" (NEZEH), and global sustainable development goals (SDG) in the context of three dimensions: social, economic and environment. The sampled hotels claim that their operation system is conformed to sustainability principles with the aim of furthering their green agenda. In this study, we aim to investigate the validity and extent of this claim. About 290 (N = 290) employees in the specified hotels were surveyed. The measurement instruments were compiled based on sustainability indicators that encompassed addressing social, economic, and environmental dimensions. The research questions contextualized around four main themes: eective sustainability planning, maximizing social and economic benefits for the local community, enhancing cultural heritage, and reducing negative environmental impacts. For the statistical and data analysis, SEM (structural equation modeling) is used. Study revealed that employees are a legitimate and credible source of information about sustainability practices. It is also revealed that as going green is becoming a means toward branding, hotels are making eorts to implement a genuine sustainability practice. Study also indicated that the majority of employees validated the sustainability practices as genuine. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. As the rapid and sound development of society and economy in our country exists, the living level of people is becoming increasing and thus people have realized the importance of traveling. More importantly, with the wide application of technology related to Internet and Big data, maritime tourism industry develops rapidly and steps into a new golden era. Government organizations and maritime tourism enterprises find that it is necessary to promote maritime tourism industry to improve the economy of some regions in the context of big data and Internet. However, with this development, some issues have appeared such as environmental pollution and social crimes. In order to copy with these problems, sustainability is introduced in maritime tourism industry. In general, sustainability is considered as an integrated concept including social responsibility, environmental protection and economic development. These three concepts are also called a trip bottom line. Based on these concepts, in this paper, we introduce evidential reasoning method to help evaluate sustainability of maritime tourism industry from different regions to choose the best one to improve other worse ones, which will be demonstrated by an illustrative example. © Coastal Education and Research Foundation, Inc. 2019. Electric vehicle timeshare rental is a form of sustainable transportation and is growing in popularity around the world. An analysis of the present situation is thus useful for transport management and planning. The study reported in this paper aimed to clarify the usage and operation of electric vehicle timeshare rental schemes in Beijing, China, including mobility patterns, pricing structure, willingness and factors affecting satisfaction through data analysis and questionnaires. The results showed that users had distinctive socio-demographic attributes. Mobility patterns represented a regularity in both time and space, and the pricing structure was a significant factor affecting the users’ opinions. Eight factors, including age and cost, showed strong correlation with user satisfaction. It is concluded that electric vehicle timeshare rental is a promising travel mode that could replace private cars and promote the development of electric vehicles. The results of this study can contribute to programming and management of electric vehicle timeshare rental schemes in the future. © 2019 ICE Publishing. All rights reserved. With the development of social networks and the Internet-based sharing economy, shared short-term rentals are emerging as a new kind of service that provides a convenient way for people to buy short-term rental services in cities through social-network-enabled platforms. However, like other social-network-based services, shared short-term rental is also likely to be impacted by online reviews. This paper aims to investigate the impact of online reviews on users' purchase decisions toward shared short-term rentals, and further to provide optimization suggestions for the future advance of shared short-term rentals. The contributions of this paper are many-fold. First, we introduce the Stimuli-Organism-Response (SOR) model into the study and propose new variables for the model, including stimulus variables, organism variables, response variable, and moderating variables. Second, we propose eight hypotheses to evaluate the impact of online reviews on users' purchase decisions toward shared short-term rentals. Finally, we collect data through a questionnaire survey and present comprehensive results on many aspects. Based on the data analysis, we find out that the quality of online reviews impacts users' perceived value and perceived risk, which in turn impacts users' purchase decisions toward shared short-term rentals. In addition, the cognitive needs of users can adjust the impact of online reviews on the perceived risk of users but have no explicit adjusting effect for users' perceived value. Further, we present some research implications as well as suggestions for rental platforms to advance shared short-term rentals in the Internet age. © 2019 by the authors. From the perspective of ASEB grid analysis, this paper explored the tourist experience of the camp consumers with the tourist camps as the carrier. ASEB analysis method was used to design the questionnaire from four aspects of activity, environment, experience and income. Online network survey and off-line field survey were combined to conduct questionnaire issuance and data analysis in order to construct the development strategy matrix of tourism camps. Results show that there are more male than female consumers in the camps. Word-of-mouth recommendation has become the main channel for tourists to obtain information. Most of the consumers in the camps are in the initial stage of consumption for the first time, and these consumption have multiple motivations. The choice of travel modes and places is mainly manifested in inter-provincial self-driving travel with family and friends. Combining with the unique characteristics and development status of tourist camps, this paper puts forward development strategies and suggestions for the development of tourist camps, and strives to achieve sustainable development of tourist camps. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. Travel demand models are required by transportation planners to predict the travel behaviour of people with different socio-economic characteristics. Travel behaviour of students act as an essential component of travel demand modelling. This behaviour is reflected in the educational activity travel pattern, the timing, sequence and mode of travel of students. Roads in the vicinity of schools are adversely affected during the school opening and closing hours. It enhances the traffic congestion, emission and safety problems around schools. It is necessary to improve the safety of school going children by understanding the present travel behaviour and to develop efficient sustainable traffic management measures to reduce congestion in the vicinity of schools. It is possible only if the travel behaviour of educational activities are studied. This travel behaviour is complex in nature and lot of uncertainty exists. Selection of modelling technique is very important for modelling the complex travel behaviour of students. This leads to the importance of application of artificial intelligence (AI) techniques in this area. AI techniques are highly developed in twenty first century due to the advancements in computer, big data and theoretical understanding. It is proved in the literature that these techniques are suitable for modelling the human behaviour. However, it has not been used in behaviourally oriented activity based modelling. This study is aimed to develop a model system to predict the daily travel behaviour of students using artificial intelligence technique, ANN. These ANN models were then compared with the conventional econometric models developed. It was observed that artificial intelligence models provide better results than econometric models in predicting the activity-travel behaviour of students. These models were further applied to study the variation in activity-travel behaviour, if short term travel-demand management measures like promoting walking for educational activities are implemented. Thus the study established that artificial intelligence can replace the conventional econometric methods for modelling the activity-travel behaviour of students. It can also be used for analysing the impact of short term travel demand management measures. © 2019 Warsaw University of Technology. All rights reserved. This research aimed to find the supply chain management characteristics of agricultural products, and aromatic coconut. This analysis would lead to a supply chain management model. The sample group used in the research comprised of the farmers who grow aromatic coconut and who resided in Phutthamonthon district, Nakhon Pathom Province, Thailand. This amounted to 600 respondents and 9 key informants who were used in the mixed methods study. The quantitative research used questionnaires and the qualitative research applied an interview method in a phenomenological approach. The statistics used in data analysis included percentages, means, standard deviations and composition analysis using the main component analysis method and rotating the axis by the Varimax process. It was found that the supply chain management model of aromatic coconut agricultural products was as appropriate one to consider for the amount of farmers'. This would serve to promote the supply chain management model with the participation of the community which will hopefully lead to joint decision making, problem solving and resource mobilization. The findings are important as they will support businesses in the community to become successful, selfreliant, and sustainable. The model is a useful guideline for farmers to develop according to the situation of the external environment and strong business competition. By adopting an agricultural supply chain management model that uses information technology in the process, will also result in the further development of the supply chain management model for agricultural products in general. © 2019 AJHTL /Author/s. The competition is mounting in the Indonesian tourism sector. Therefore, it is key for the firms operating in this sector to adopt different strategies related to the supply chain by which they can attain sustainability. Therefore, the objective of this study was to examine the impact of logistic management, supplier selection, and planning of the supply chain on SCM and sustainability of the organization. Moreover, the mediating role of SCM between logistic management, supplier selection, and planning of supply chain and sustainability of the organization. the data was collected from the 258 respondents of the tourism sector on Indonesia in the form of a questionnaire. For data analyses and hypotheses testing, this study has used PLS-SEM as suitable technique. The findings of the study pointed out that all relations to be significant. It means that supply chain functions, Logistic management, Supplier selection on supply chain management, and sustainability. The findings of the study are helpful for the policy makers of this sector to adopt different strategies by which they can attain sustainability. © 2019, ExcelingTech Pub, UK. ICT has played a vital role in the business development and has brought profound changes in the business practices around the world. The huge potential and unmatched power of ICT allows business houses to grow their business sphere beyond their capabilities. Many industries have witnessed a big transition due to application of ICT. Tourism is one such industry where ICT has made a great impact. It has disrupted the value chain and formed new type of connections that enable business power in the hands of the end users and the customers. Tourism as an industry has seen a steep rise in last 20 years and has left many industries way behind with the implementation of ICT. Nepal, which relies on Tourism as its second biggest industry after remittance, has not been able to harness the real benefits of ICT in tourism. This research work explores the Tourism Industry of Nepal to evaluate the implementation, development and sustainability factors related to ICT application and use. To get a clear picture of the processes and factors that hinder the implementation, development and sustainability of ICT this study has considered three important components, which include the government officials, hospitality industry players and tourist to provide data and feedback. Qualitative exploratory research method combined with grounded theory approach is used for the data analysis, interpretation and model building. The data collection is done through face-to-face interviews, study of visual designs, literature related to ICT, Tourism and surveys based on structured and semi-structured questionnaires. The work contributes in the construction of Digital Tourism Development and Sustainability Model for Nepal. © 2019 IEEE. This paper is a consequence of a job in a business devoted to mechanical manufacturing (machining base product). During the entire manufacturing cycle, several wastes could be detected using a lean manufacturing approach by Value Stream Mapping (VSM). This paper proposes the techniques that are used to show the improvements to be achieved with each of the lean tools suggested. This work is primarily intended to be a guide for organisations that want to begin to implement lean production. The development of how lean management techniques are used continues dependent on the development of intelligent value today. Smart, creative techniques, critical information, talent, and big data need to be sustainable in other respects. I4.0 assumes a critical foundation of this latest vision for the organisation's future. As the results, the lean manufacturing approach by the VSM pointed out eight waste from the current production system, known as Kaizen burst that influence to company’ profit which is high access inventory volume in between process, high rework and reject volume, delayed supplier and deliver product on time to customer, wrong forecast data, changeover time require long time, low machine performance/ inefficiency machine, travelled time in between process and lack on 5S activities. However, only three main findings based on the production system discussed in this paper. © BEIESP. Currently, food and agriculture education as an experience economy is becoming an important economic model for the development of rural tourism industry. Simultaneously, Food and agriculture education has become the key to enhancing people's environmental awareness, change their behaviors to be more conducive to environmental sustainability, and educate people about the direct relation between environmental sustainability and their own health. In this research, by discussing the attractive attributes of the Wumi Le Community food and agriculture education experience course, and using qualitative and quantitative research methods, we held in-depth interviewers with high intake experiencers and analyzed the attractive factors of the Wumi Le Community food and agriculture education experience course understood by different experiencers in order to obtain tangible and intangible results. © 2019 Association for Computing Machinery. This article aims to analyze factors determining tourist satisfaction with nautical destinations. To this aim, survey data were collected from 255 nautical tourists visiting Cape Verde and an ordinal logit model was used. Data analysis confirms that tourists' satisfaction increases with the diversity and quality of the nautical and cultural offer, and the security offered by the destination, in line with previous research. As novelty, the affective feelings towards the nautical destination were also found as an important antecedent of nautical tourists' satisfaction conformation. The study also confirms that tourists who had been in the archipelago previously do experience a higher level of satisfaction compared with nonrepeaters. Lastly, the fact of visiting other competing nautical destinations influences the level of satisfaction of the nautical tourists in Cape Verde, although not all previously visited destinations have the same impact. This suggests that strategies for nautical tourism development should be more attentive to establish long-lasting relationships and networking structures with some key competitors, and segment their marketing plans according to tourists' past destination choice. The results are of great importance for several destinations seeking to utilize the promotion of nautical activities as a key driver for tourism competitiveness and positioning improvement. © 2020 Cognizant, LLC. The pressure on businesses to engage not only on profitability but also on social and environmental responsibility has increased in recent times. The study empirically tested the relationship between green marketing orientation (GMO) and environmental and social performance in the context of firms in the hospitality industry. Sustainable performance measurement focuses not only on financial but also on social and environmental performance. The study used the quantitative research design, and the cross-sectional survey method was used for data collection from 192 respondents. Descriptive statistics, Pearson correlation, and regression analysis were used for data analysis. Cronbach's alpha was used as a measure of reliability. The results indicated a significant positive relationship between GMO and environmental and social performance of hospitality firms. The findings of the study suggest that GMO is a firm-level strategic resource that can improve the sustainable performance of firms in the hospitality sector. Theoretically, the study linked GMO to environmental and social performance of firms. Empirically, the study adds to the literature on the effect of GMO on sustainable performance. Practically, the study suggested recommendations that can improve the adoption of GMO by firms. These include green design, green positioning, green supply chain, and green strategy. © 2019 Olawale Fatoki, published by Sciendo 2019. Strategic Management for Tourism, Hospitality and Events is the must-have text for students approaching this subject for the first time. It introduces students to fundamental strategic management principles in a tourism, hospitality and events context and brings theory to life by integrating a host of industry-based case studies and examples throughout. Among the new features and topics included in this third edition are: • New and fully updated international case studies from both SMEs and large-scale businesses integrated throughout to show the various applications of strategic management theory. More extensive combined sector case studies on relevant topics such as Airbnb are also included at the end of the book for seminar work. • New content on relevant topics such as big data, artificial intelligence, political external environment, social media and e-marketing, sustainability and CSR, absorptive capacity, and innovation. • Web support for tutors and students providing explanation and guidelines for instructors on how to use the textbook, as well as supplementary exercises, case studies and video links for students. This book is written in an accessible and engaging style and structured logically with useful features throughout to aid students' learning and understanding. It is an essential resource for tourism, hospitality and events students. © 2020 Nigel Evans. All rights reserved. Due to the population and economic growth, the vehicle population is increased in India and that creates a critical burden on traffic management in metropolitan cities (Hyderabad, Bangalore, Chennai, Mumbai, etc.) and towns of the country. This paper proposes Intelligent Transportation System (ITS) by using information and communication technologies like IoT and data analytics and that apply to transport operations. ITS aimed to create safe, efficient, reliable and environmentally sustainable smart transport systems. At every traffic signal the density of the traffic is detected with the help of IR sensors, then the traffic level is obtained. The IR sensors are connected to 8051 microcontroller. A mobile data service is connected to microcontroller to deliver the real time traffic information through IoT to the traveller, so that he can know the traffic level and can take an alternate. The information gathered from the traffic signals is processed with the help of Big Data Analytics and the data is to be sent to every traveller’s to make their journey safe and reach their destination in time. © BEIESP. Public transport plays an important role in developing sustainable cities. A better understanding of how different public transit modes (bus, metro, and taxi) interact with each other will provide better sustainable strategies to transport and urban planners. However, most existing studies are either limited to small-scale surveys or focused on the identification of general interaction patterns during times of regular traffic. Transient demographic changes in a city (i.e., many people moving out and in) can lead to significant changes in such interaction patterns and provide a useful context for better investigating the changes in these patterns. Despite that, little has been done to explore how such interaction patterns change and how they are linked to the built environment from the perspective of transient demographic changes using urban big data. In this paper, the tap-in-tap-out smart card data of bus/metro and taxi GPS trajectory data before and after the Chinese Spring Festival in Shenzhen, China, are used to explore such interaction patterns. A time-series clustering method and an elasticity change index (ECI) are adopted to detect the changing transit mode patterns and the underlying dynamics. The findings indicate that the interactions between different transit modes vary over space and time and are competitive or complementary in different parts of the city. Both ordinary least-squares (OLS) and geographically weighted regression (GWR) models with built environment variables are used to reveal the impact of changes in different transit modes on ECIs and their linkage with the built environment. The results of this study will contribute to the planning and design of multi-modal transport services. 2019 by the authors. © 2019 MDPI AG. All rights reserved. The objective of this study is to promote a model of environmental education. The sample group in this survey study composed of to 1077 tourists in Jakarta, the capital city of Indonesia. In a questionnaire, the tourists were requested to provide samples of their satisfying natural curiosity of individuals, enhancing environmental awareness, and strengthening visitor’s pro-conservation values and to detail how thesevariablespredicted environmental education. The data analysis used the structural equation model (SEM).Based on the statistical analyses, the most important finding of this research was that tourist satisfying natural curiosity of individuals, enhancing environmental awareness, and strengthening pro-conservation values, had predictive effects on environmental education. The tourist satisfying natural curiosity of individuals was described by knowledge improvement of the tourists about nature, positive attitude toward environment, skill improvement about environment, and environmental curiosity met.Enhancing environmental awareness was supported by awareness improvement of the tourists to take care the environments well, awareness improvement of the tourists not to destroy the environments, awareness improvement of the tourists not to use the environments excessively, and awareness improvement of the tourists to take care the cleanliness of the environments. Strengthening visitor’s pro-conservation values was estimated by maintaining existing environmental values, responsibility of environmental management, managing environment suitable with regulation established, and using environment on the basis of conservation values.This study contributes practically by supplying a model for environmental education. Using this model, the tourist environmental education can be enhanced to preventenvironmental destruction. This study can offer the environmental sustainability through the model of environmental education. © 2019 SERSC. The focus of this research was to review of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) implementation of sustainable geo-tourism development in West Java Province, Indonesia. This study employed data analysis and semi-structured interviews to examine the implementation of a CSR Programme in geo tourism. This study proposed a sustainable business model that refers to the strategic management process. In the case of the CSR Programme of PT. Bio Farma Indonesia (BFI), this has played an essential role through new ways possible to achieve economic, social and environmental success, by accommodating the creation of business growth while promoting benefits to the community through shared value creation. The implementation of the sustainable model concept by the company through adopting well thought out business processes, as well as being a part of the solution for society and the environment is commendable. © 2020 AJHTL. People in the mountainous regions of Georgia have embraced new development pathways in recent years. Residents are taking advantage of the area's rapid increase in tourism, as settlements on the Caucasus Mountain slopes constitute some of the most visited tourist destinations in the country. The specific objective of this study was to determine whether the long-standing tradition of Georgian hospitality has sustained its cultural identity or has been commodified under accelerated tourism development. A grounded theory approach was used as a theoretical basis to explore primary findings. Empirical data were collected through interviews, participant observation, and guest reviews from the website booking.com. Texts were processed using qualitative data analysis software. The open-coded narratives revealed new forms of Georgian hospitality in guesthouse services amid waves of commodification of guest-host relationships. Maintenance of deeply rooted traditional behavior of the host communities under rapidly increasing tourism constitutes a firm foundation for sustainable development. © 2019 Gugushvili et al. In the last years, the amount of data and the possibilities of its analysis have risen rapidly. Leading retail businesses are able to work with complex sources of data, embrace intelligence tools and generate better outcomes. Tourism industry is becoming smarter; however, because of its fragmented nature and small size of tourism businesses, it lags behind the other industries. Today’s destination management organizations (DMOs) are struggling with several challenges and have difficulties in adapting to new market conditions. Within the smart tourism concept, the big data analytics is seemed to be a promising tool for overcoming the challenges. Therefore, the aim of the paper is to find out the possibilities of overcoming challenges of today’s DMOs based on the analysis of current state and best practices of big data analytics in tourism destinations. The analysis is based on multiple case studies, with the main focus on Central Europe. The paper presents a conceptual view on big data analytics and concludes that the application of big data analytics allows DMOs to better define destination boundaries, understand the needs of today’s tourists, effectively manage destination stakeholders and be more competitive and sustainable. © 2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG. The existing literature has revealed the questionable economic benefits of hosting such events, while scholars would still hold an optimistic view of the benefits of place branding and promotion. This paper raises a critical question to this view by examining the effectiveness of hosting pro-tourism events for destination branding. This paper collects massive tourist online reviews and conducts sentiment analysis to examine this issue based on the case of Sanya city in China. The study finds that: (1) there is no solid evidence to show that Sanya’s tourism-related events have a significant positive impact on its destination branding; (2) in the short term, that is fewer than six months, culture-related events were more effective in improving the destination’s image; (3) in the long term, that is, from six months to two years, sports-related events had more positive sentiment impacts, while negative sentiment impacts were largely the result of tourist rip-off incidents. In doing so, this paper argues that hosting tourism events would not be a sustainable way of destination branding, unless the event is meant for other interests. This effort provides an innovative approach for understanding the impacts of tourism events to destination branding in a more critical manner. © 2019, © 2019 The Author(s). This open access article is distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) 4.0 license. Design of attractive services for the bus travel context is important because of the aim to increase the usage of sustainable travel modes of public transportation. In bus travel, both user experience of the digital services and the broader service design context of the public transportation need to be addressed. Experience-Driven Design (EDD) can be used to take the passengers’ needs and experiences in the core of the design process. This paper presents a qualitative diary and interview study on bus travel experience with 20 passengers in two major cities in Finland. The aim of this study was to identify and communicate frequent bus passengers’ needs, experiences, values and activities as user insights to support experience-driven service design in the public transportation context. Based on the data analysis, we derived ten Travel Mindsets: Abstracted, Efficient, Enjoyer, In-control, Isolation, Observer, Off-line, Relaxed, Sensitive, and Social. To communicate the study findings on bus passengers’ travel experience, Travel Experience Personas were created. The personas include primary and secondary travel mindsets, specific needs related to bus travel, insights on mobile device usage, and target user experience (UX) goals that could enhance the personas’ travel experience. We also discuss how the personas can be used as a communicative design tool that supports EDD of novel services in the bus context. © 2019, IFIP International Federation for Information Processing. Purpose: The paper aims to contribute to theory and practice by investigating into the role of environmental identity in explaining ecotourism attitudes and behaviours by first, testing its direct effects on ecotourism attitude and ecotourism interest, and second, testing its direct and mediated effects on ecotourism intention and willingness to pay a premium. Design/methodology/approach: The study relies on primary data collected from tourists visiting the island of Mauritius. Data collection took place at several popular tourist sites located in different parts of the island. The questionnaire was self-administered and was immediately collected after completion. A total of 512 usable questionnaires were collected. A two-stage approach to structural equation modelling was used for data analysis. Findings: The results demonstrate empirically that stronger environmental identity leads directly to more positive ecotourism attitude, greater interest towards ecotourism and a higher willingness to pay a premium. While evidence was not found between the direct link between environmental identity and ecotourism behavioural intentions, the confirmation of full mediating effects shows that stronger environmental identity also leads to an increase in tourists’ intention to engage in ecotourism activities by first influencing their attitude which then results in more favourable behaviours towards ecotourism. Originality/value: While the contributions of the tourists’ attitude and interest in predicting their behaviours towards ecotourism have been well established by past research, the importance of environmental identity has remained uncertain as to date, given the lack of empirical studies. This present research provides evidence that environmental identity has a major role to play in explaining the behaviours of tourists towards ecotourism products and services. © 2018, Emerald Publishing Limited. This article proposes a first step in analyzing the integration of the triple bottom line approach to event evaluation and the Big Data produced by event participants to create a circular and participatory monitoring process that utilizes technology to engage all stakeholders (citizens; visitors; producers; tourism organizations; policymakers; associations; and economic, social, and environmental scientists). Using a case study of Slow Food's Terra Madre Salone del Gusto (TMSG) 2016 event, this article examines systemization of a control panel for local decision makers that encourages knowledge management and sharing for learning and sustainable entrepreneurship to create virtuous cycles and solve-through a democratic process-the typical risk of political (mis)interpretation of socioeconomic event impact measurement. © 2019 Cognizant, LLC. This paper analyses the relationship between air pollution and tourism demand in Beijing. The study method is based on a gravity model, in which air quality variables are incorporated into the model of tourism demand. The results obtained show that air pollution has a negative influence on tourism flows and that this effect is more pronounced for inbound than for domestic tourism. The findings also show that a simple index such as the classification of good and bad air-quality days is a good representation of the air pollution factors taken into account by tourists in their travel decision. © 2019 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. Data analysis plays a key role in supporting the development of sustainable transportation. Using the large-scale household mobility survey data collected in Milan, Italy during 2005–2006, we study whether the large-scale data contribute to improving accuracy in estimating household travel modes. This paper presents three machine learning methods including multinomial logit (MNL) model, random forest (RF) and support vector machine (SVM) to estimate the household travel mode. Their model accuracies are 70.41%, 71.89%, 72.74% respectively under the full sample size. It is found that the accuracies of these three methods fluctuate fiercely when the sample size is less than 20,000 and then stabilize gradually with continuous increasing it. After stabilization occurs, accuracies with these three methods do not significantly increase as the sample size continues to increase. We also study the travel characteristics derived from the large-scale survey data, which is fundamental for developing a sustainable transportation system. The collected data items include five explanatory variables, i.e., household size (HS), vehicle ownership, household income (HI), travel distance, travel time and one response variable (i.e., household travel mode), which includes public transport (PT), private car, usage of PT and private car simultaneously and the others travel modes (e.g., walk). We further investigate the importance of explanatory variables in terms of estimating household travel mode choice with the MNL model. It is found that vehicle ownership is the most critical factor influencing household travel mode choice, followed by travel distance, travel time, HS and HI. The ranking result is consistent with the RF approach. © 2019 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. The significance of green rural tourism for sustainable development is widely recognized. In addition, a number of researches attempt to explain the green choice among tourists. Hereby, different theoretical approaches are used. The dynamic approach to the Theory of Planned Behavior (TPB) is implemented in this study. The approach considers that the influence of different elements of TPB (attitudes, subjective norms, perceived behavioral control) on intention to visit green rural hotels is tested in the context of different phases in behavior change of the respondents (pre-decision, pre-action, action). According to the authors' knowledge, this is the first implementation of the dynamic approach to the TPB in understanding green rural choice. During data analysis, multigroup structural equation modelling (SEM) was used. The results indicate that the existence and the strength of the influences of the elements of TPB are different in different phases of behavior change. Managerial implications for the studied market (Serbia) are also provided within the paper. © 2019 by the authors. The acceptability, energy consumption, and environmental benefits of electric vehicles are highly dependent on travel patterns. With increasing ride-hailing popularity in mega-cities, urban mobility patterns are greatly changing; therefore, an investigation of the extent to which electric vehicles would satisfy the needs of ride-hailing drivers becomes important to support sustainable urban growth. A first step in this direction is reported here. GPS-trajectories of 144,867 drivers over 104 million km in Beijing were used to quantify the potential acceptability, energy consumption, and costs of ride-hailing electric vehicle fleets. Average daily travel distance and travel time for ride-hailing drivers was determined to be 129.4 km and 5.7 h; these values are substantially larger than those for household drivers (40.0 km and 1.5 h). Assuming slow level-1 (1.8 KW)or moderate level-2 (7.2 KW)charging is available at all home parking locations, battery electric vehicles with 200 km all electric range (BEV200)could be used by up to 47% or 78% of ride-hailing drivers and electrify up to 20% or 55% of total distance driven by the ride-hailing fleet. With level-2 charging available at home, work, and public parking, the acceptance ceiling increases to up to 91% of drivers and 80% of distance. Our study suggests that long range BEVs and widespread level-2 charging infrastructure are needed for large-scale electrification of ride-hailing mobility in Beijing. The marginal benefits of increased all electric range, effects on charging infrastructure distribution, and payback times are also presented and discussed. Given the observed heterogeneity of ride-hailing vehicle travel, our study outlines the importance of individual-level analysis to understand the electrification potential and future benefits of electric vehicles in the era of shared smart transportation. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd The 4.0 revolution has played an increasingly important role in boosting the economy at the macro and micro levels in Vietnam. Among them is the development of smart agriculture (high-tech agriculture) and sustainable tourism development which is receiving much attention from the community. The pervasive and very timely nature of the 4.0 revolution has occupied a high proportion of conference forums from the government and scientists to the farmers in the remote areas to the key priority areas in economic development. The composition of industry 4.0 can be found, including 4 basic pillars: AI (artificial intelligence), Big Data (big data), IoT (Internet of Things), and Network and Cloud Infrastructure (Infrastructure Network and Cloud Computing). This paper focuses on providing technical solutions to Cloud Computing, specifically the technical solutions related to the cost of operating the entire smart agricultural economy 4.0. Cloud Computing, with a system of physical servers arranged on a global scale and interconnected through a telecommunications system, plays an increasingly important role in operating, delivering, and declaring resource extraction and sharing. By surveying existing and developing farms, it is observed that smart agricultural models of households need to apply high technology; providing resources for these models need technical solutions. Ensuring that it is accurate and timely, it is required to avoid overlapping and conflicting requirements from users, especially distant resources. It has been observed that a strong, reliable solution, as the basis for the development of control systems within the cloud, is not yet available. © Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2020. As a form of sustainable tourism development, green tourism is a means of environmental protection and a trend of tourism development. Evolutionary game theory is applied to examine the generation of green behaviors by tourism enterprises during the development of a green tourism supply chain. Model deduction and simulation data analysis show that most tourism enterprises do have an incentive towards green development and the formation of the green tourism supply chain is a dynamic evolution process. To better understand the gaps in the process that all the stakeholders need to fill, the approach of balanced scorecard (BSC) combined with expert interviews is applied to design a periodical performance assessment system for evaluating the performance of the green tourism supply chain. Evaluation results will help to facilitate all participants to implement green practices for smooth transformation of a traditional supply chain into a green one. © 2019 Cognizant, LLC. The American College of Surgeons requires that trauma centers collect and enter data into the National Trauma Data Registry in compliance with the National Trauma Data Standard. ProMedica supports employment of 4 trauma data analysts who are responsible for entering information in a timely manner, validating the data, and analyzing data to evaluate established benchmarks and support the performance improvement and patient safety process. Historically, these analysts were located on-site at ProMedica Toledo Hospital. In 2017, a proposal was developed including modifications to data collection to streamline processes, move toward paperless documentation, and allow for the analysts to telecommute. To measure the effect of these changes, the timeliness of data entry, rate of data validation, productivity, and staff satisfaction were measured. After the transition to electronic data management and home-based workstations, registry data were being entered within 30 days and 100% of cases were being validated, without sacrificing effective and efficient communication between in-hospital and home-based staff. The institution also benefitted from reduced expense for physical space, employee turnover, and decreased employee absenteeism. The analysts appreciated benefits related to time, travel, environment, and job satisfaction. It is feasible to transition trauma data analysts to a work-from-home situation. An all-electronic system of data management and communication makes such an arrangement possible and sustainable. This quality improvement project solved a workspace issue and was beneficial to the trauma program overall, with the timeliness and validation of data entry vastly improved. © 2020 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved. The aim of this paper is to demonstrate how critical discourse analysis (CDA), an under-utilised methodological approach, can be used to critically question the dominant, hegemonic discourses surrounding sustainable development and sustainable tourism development. The Waterberg Biosphere Reserve in South Africa provides the study context. The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) provide the framework for review, sustainable development is an integral part of this framework. This research study examines three SDGs in particular: discourses surrounding SDG 4 (quality education), SDG 8 (decent work and economic growth) and SDG 15 (life on land). Interviews (n = 35) were conducted, in South Africa, with multiple stakeholder groups. CDA techniques were applied to data analysis to examine the sustainable development/sustainable tourism discourses attached to the SDGs under review. Neoliberal discourses linked to the economy, the environment, and a sustaining of the tourism industry through top-down planning and unequal power distributions emerged. Conclusions reflect both upon the opportunities utilising a tool such as CDA presents, along with the limitations to take account of when applying it. CDA applications which explore SDGs by listening to the voices of the poor are suggested as one avenue for further research. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to identify and prioritize the positive and negative impacts of tourism on the process of tourism growth at a national scale in Iran, by taking into account the reviews of previous studies, views of experts and structural analysis. Design/methodology/approach: In this investigation, structural analysis technique has been used to identify the correlation between variables by using mix method data analysis. By using cross-impact analysis (N × N integer matrix) in the form of the Micmac method, the economic, sociocultural and environmental factors have been evaluated. Findings: The results of the distribution of factors in the coordinate axes and the graphs between them indicate their features, and for reaching a sustainable system of tourism development, at first, priority should be given to the negative influential factors, especially the environmental fields, and then the focus should be on the decrease of the dual and risk variables as they cannot be anticipated. Originality/value: For the rapid growth of tourism in many countries, governments ensure that policies have been heeded in designing and preparing general plans of the country to understand how the development trend is moving on. In this respect, arisen impacts of tourism system are one of the important issues during the development path and in the field of tourism future. Because of the complexity and broadness of tourism activities, these impacts have also many interconnected dimensions that should also be considered while studying tourism impacts. © 2019, Mohammad Nematpour and Amin Faraji. Adolescent active travel (AT) can contribute to health-enhancing physical activity, sense of community, social interactions, spatial and navigational skills and is a sustainable form of transport. Data analysed were from surveys with validated scales, translated and adapted for Chinese speaking Hong Kong adolescents and their parents, and administered to 1299 adolescent/parent dyads. Using hierarchical modelling, this study examined independent associations of socio-demographic, perceived environmental, social and psychological factors (in that order) with adolescent AT to/from school (ATS) and AT to other destinations in Hong Kong. Moderation by gender and age on perceived environmental and social factors and number of household vehicles on proximity to destinations with AT were also estimated. The adolescents participating in ATS (58%), averaged 7.93 trips and 139.79 min per week. Adolescents averaged 7.68 trips/week to destinations other than school. Perceived proximity of school to home and social support for PA from peers were independently associated with higher odds of engaging in ATS. Social support for PA from household adults was associated with lower odds of engaging in ATS, especially in older adolescents. Trip frequency in those who engaged in ATS was positively associated with perceived proximity of school, access to services and parental transport-related PA. Perceived proximity of school was negatively associated with weekly minutes of ATS. Gender modified the association between social support for PA from peers and ATS frequency, and that of perceived proximity to public transport from home with weekly minutes of ATS. Perceived environmental, social and psychological factors were independently associated with AT to destinations other than school. In conclusion, Hong Kong adolescents appear to have high frequencies of ATS and AT to other destinations than reported elsewhere. Social support from peers, parental AT and having schools and other destinations within walking distance from home may independently contribute to adolescents’ AT. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd This paper uses the method of big data analysis to carry out the statistical analysis of Eco-sports Tourism behavior in urban space, to guide the management of urban planning and sustainable development of sports tourism, and puts forward the modeling and analysis method of Eco-sports Tourism behavior based on data mining technology. Firstly, the entity model of Eco-sports Tourism behavior characteristics is constructed by using fuzzy decision-making method, and then the statistical decision-making objective function of data mining is constructed by mining the big data of Eco-sports Tourism behavior with support vector machine. Then, the parameters of the mining objective function are optimized by using particle swarm optimization method to realize the accurate mining and feature analysis of the big data of Eco-sports Tourism behavior. The simulation results show that the method can be used to analyze the Eco-sports Tourism behavior in urban space, which makes the association data mining more accurate and the statistical analysis more reliable. © 2019 Association for Computing Machinery. Energy has always been an important aspect as far as water is concerned. The Water Research Foundation (WRF) has had a research area solely focused on energy efficiency and resource recovery for more than a decade now. With the increasing availability of efficient and economic technologies, now is the time to develop new ways to increase energy efficiency at water and wastewater utilities as well as optimizing the use of energy for operations. With the merger of the two leading water research organizations, the portfolio of energy research has increased considerably to include all different methods of solving issues related to energy as a puzzle. Initially, the research was focused on providing effective strategies to reduce water utility energy consumption and cost, developing strategies for multi-sector, regional, integrated water-energy planning, and providing sound approaches for energy generation by water utilities. Resource recovery is now more important than ever, and the implementation of distributed energy resources and renewables is more convenient and possible with more supportive policy and incentives that help economic implementation. There are a few barriers when it comes to implementing these, which the Foundation is focusing on solving with projects that involve public-private partnerships as well as working with partner organizations such as Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI) and the U.S Department of Energy (DOE). This presentation will highlight the direction of energy research that WRF is heading towards which includes increased sustainability, optimized energy management, big data in water and wastewater utilities and innovative technologies to enhance resource recovery. The presentation will also include an outlook on the new water-energy tournament spearheaded by WRF and EPRI in partnership with DOE. The primary objective of this presentation will be to showcase the latest trends in Energy Research and how WRF is leading the efforts with an overview of some its latest research findings. Copyright © 2019 Water Environment Federation Historic centres are highly regarded destinations for watching and even participating in diverse and unique forms of cultural expression. Cultural tourism, according to theWorld Tourism Organization (UNWTO), is an important and consolidated tourism sector and its strong growth is expected to continue over the coming years. Tourism, the much dreamt of redeemer for historic centres, also represents one of the main threats to heritage conservation: visitors can dynamize an economy, yet the rapid growth of tourism often has negative effects on both built heritage and the lives of local inhabitants. Knowledge of occupancy levels and flows of visiting tourists is key to the efficient management of tourism; the new technologies-the Internet of Things (IoT), big data, and geographic information systems (GIS)-when combined in interconnected networks represent a qualitative leap forward, compared to traditional methods of estimating locations and flows. A methodology is described in this paper for the management of tourism flows that is designed to promote sustainable tourism in historic centres through intelligent support mechanisms. As part of the Smart Heritage City (SHCITY) project, a collection system for visitors is developed. Following data collection via monitoring equipment, the analysis of a set of quantitative indicators yields information that can then be used to analyse visitor flows; enabling city managers to make management decisions when the tourism-carrying capacity is exceeded and gives way to overtourism. © 2019 by the authors. Smart technologies advancements, emerging markets competition and sustainability needs have radically changed tourism and transport sectors. The key features of this change are the exploitation of evolving Big Data in the business intelligence context, the development of customized services tailored to the needs of consumers with the purpose of improving their experience, and the development of new business models based on the interaction between business and consumers. This is due to the capacity of smart transport technologies to integrate customers sensing and in this way a novel framework aimed at: i) developing personalized transport services in the tourism sector and ii) creating and delivering patterns of tourist consumer behavior according to specific target groups and market segments at tourist destination or country level is designed and outlined. The proposed �TOMI� framework, exploits tour data analytics, in order to enable the deployment of personalized tour services that will be beneficial for tour operators, travellers and any other interested parties (local stakeholders, tourism entrepreneurs, etc.). The exploitation of the �TOMI� framework for the purpose of organizing tours in a city is also addressed through a case study on the city of Thessaloniki. � 2019 IW3C2 (International World Wide Web Conference Committee), published under Creative Commons CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 License. The archaeological site of Timgad, located in the high plateaus East of Algeria, more precisely in the of Batna province, represents an outstanding universal value, it was classified in the world heritage of UNESCO in 1982, it attracts a significant number of tourists each year and represents an important economic resource. Timgad has benefited from legal and technical instruments of protection and valorization, but these instruments and means have not had the expected success. The objective of this study is to identify this heritage and the tourism reality in this site on the basis of the field study, which has determined the socio-economic characteristics of the visitors and their impressions on the archaeological site and assess the available opportunities. Because the preservation of Timgad which of Roman origin means the protection of heritage, history, art, archeology and science, these potentialities will make tourism an important resource for local and national development. In fact the diagnosis of the current situation confirms the absence of an adequate and coherent tourism planning which allowed us to propose a strategy that combines protection and valorization, while preserving the cultural heritage which is an asset for sustainable development. To accomplish this study, we begun with an analysis of documents and reports concerning the instruments of protection and valorization of archeological heritage. Followed by a field study in form of questionnaires, as well as statistical and geographical data analysis. We finished with a presentation of the results and their interpretation. We finally concluded with some recommendations. © 2020 Editura Universitatii din Oradea. All rights reserved. Kampung Lawas Maspatih is a special village which was inducted as the Tourism Kampung in January 2016, it portrays Surabaya colonial history. This paper aimed to identify and analyze the potentials and obstacles and also formulate the strategies that may be applied to boost the existence of Kampung Tourism Lawas Maspati; so that it can become sustainabile and well-known in the tourism map destination in Surabaya, Indonesia. This research used a qualitative approach and interviews as the primary data collection method. The interviews were analyzed qualitatively and descriptively using a SWOT analysis. The result of the research showed that Kampung Tourism Lawas Maspati has much potential that is ready to be developed. This includes the potential historical and social culture tourism aspects. However, the weakness that serves as the key obstacle, is the low quality of human resources and tourism management. The result of the data analysis showed a new strategy must be developed in Kampung Tourism Lawas Maspati. This strategy should include excellent service training and management as well as foreign language tuition for the community in Kampung Tourism Lawas Maspati as an effort to improve the competence of human resources in the Kampung and promote sustainable tourism. © 2020 AJHTL /Author/s. Hugo Rodrigues de Araujo, Heros Augusto Santos Lobo & Luiz Eduardo Panisset Travassos: Evaluation of the private participation in the implementation and management of ecotourism in cavernas do Peruaçu national park, Brazil In the last two decades, Brazil has advanced in the creation of Natural Protected Areas (NPAs), reaching more than 17% of its territory. However, the budget allocated for the effectiveness of NPAs is still insufficient, creating gaps that hinder these areas from fulfilling their purposes. The Cavernas do Peruaçu National Park (PNCP) was created in 1999. Its ecotourism infrastructure was conceived and built from 2011 to 2015 and opened to the public in 2017. The implementation of the PNCP ZADNJE differs from other NPAs under the responsibility of the federal government management in Brazil, since it involves private resources from companies with legal TAB obligations to environmental compensation. In this context, a study on the PNCP was Icarried out, with primary and secondary data analysed. The research aimed at report the process of the PNCP implementation as well as presenting the current state of management and prospects for this Park. With the results obtained, it was possible to conclude that the experience of a partnership between the public power and the private initiative is a practical possibility for the implementation and management of ecotourism, expanding its socioeconomic sustainability and contributing to the goals of nature conservation. © 2019, ZRC SAZU, Zalozba ZRC. All rights reserved. The main objectives of this study are to determine the potential for relative resilience, identify the drivers of potential resilience and priority locations for resilience-based coral reef management in Wakatobi. Data collection locations are spread across four major Wakatobi islands: Wangi Wangi, Kaledupa, Tomia, and Binongko at 5 m depth respectively. Coral reefs resilience assessment in Wakatobi consists of several stages: selecting indicators, collecting and compiling data, analyzing data, and identifying management targets. The highest potential for relative resilience in Wakatobi are station 15 with a value of 1.00 and the lowest is station 8 with a value of 0.69. Relative resilience in high category is 2 stations, med-high 7 stations, med-low 2 stations, and low 4 stations. Relative resilience in high category is able to be distinguished by the high values of bleaching resistant, herbivore biomass, coral cover, and supported by a high diversity of coral. The mid-high category is grouped by the contribution of indicator values coming from coral recruitment and coral diversity, as well as followed by two other indicators such as coral cover and alga cover. Last, the mid-low category and low category tend to be pushed by the low values of coral disease and followed by some other indicators like algae cover. Resilience approach to identify prioritizing stations for management actions is conservation (2 station), fishery management and enforcement (5 station), bleaching monitoring and supporting recovery (3 station), coral reef restoration (2 tation), tourism structuring (10 station), and Land-based sources of pollution reduction (5 station). © 2019, Springer Nature B.V. The aim of this study is to identify management practices that effectively reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions with regard to the green supply chain adopted by mobile phone producers. Six cases were surveyed (Apple, Samsung, LG, Huawei, Nokia, and ZTE). The main source of data was sustainability reports, which were retrieved from the Global Reporting Initiative database. A special data analysis technique called rank analysis was adopted. The results revealed that the effective practices to reduce GHG 1 emissions were related to production process and business travel; those that were effective for reducing GHG 2 emissions were related to facilities accreditation and energy saving; and those effective in reducing GHG 3 emissions were related to logistics and customer practices. No effective actions related to the management of relationships with suppliers were identified by this study. Indicative models for the relationship between actions and GHG emissions were developed, as was a value-stream map. The previous studies reporting the effective practices in other industries reported results for reducing GHG 1 or GHG 3, or overall GHG emissions, without discriminating among the actions taken to reduce such emissions, although some limited actions were reported. This study describes the effective practices along the whole supply chain—both upstream and downstream—and it also lists the actions related to addressing all the emissions, whether GHG 1, 2, or 3. © 2019 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. Planning for recreational activities in protected areas involves an understanding of multiple and complex factors. Trails constitute the main recreation facility in protected areas. They are an important and common infrastructure that concentrates visitor movement. Their sustainable planning and management requires an understanding of how the visitors made their selection. The aim of this study was to identify the effect of trail attributes on visitor numbers in the Krkonoše Mountains National Park in the Czech Republic. The methods used in this study present an analytical approach involving geographic information system analysis, field monitoring and data analyses using generalised linear models. The results showed the preferential tendencies among visitors to certain trail attributes. Marginal significance and a rather strong variability in preferences (over 10%) were identified for five trail characteristics: the amount of local attractions; diversity of land cover types; dominant land cover along a trail; soil erosion; and the type of trail surface. In our study, we illustrate an analytical framework for the assessment of trail characteristics that can help guide trail analyses and management efforts. On the other hand, our findings raise new research questions and point to the requirements for further research in order to better understand how environmental attributes influence visitor choice and to use this knowledge for trail planning and management. © 2019 Kamila Svobodova et al., published by Sciendo 2019. Tourism sector has emerged as one of the most important service sectors in the global economy including Cambodia especially in recent 25 years, benefiting destinations and communities worldwide. The objective of this chapter is to investigate and analyze the contribution of tourism sector in the economic development in Cambodia. After the cessation of conflict and the start of establishing political stability in 1993, the tourism sector has started to be a significant and very dynamic engine of economic growth and generator of foreign exchange revenues in Cambodia. For this reason, this study covers the period after the early 1990s when Cambodia opened its door to the world. In this study, the relationship between Cambodian tourism receipts and gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate is analyzed. Johansen co-integration test was performed to identify whether there was a long-term relationship between the variables. Then vector error correction mechanism (VECM) was used to identify the existence of short-run relationship between variables. Finally, residual tests were performed to check if the model is stable and desirable. E-views 8 statistical program is used for data analysis. According to the results of the study, Johansen co-integration test verifies that GDP, tourism receipts, and export revenues have long-term association. The VEC Granger Causality/Block Exogeneity Wald Tests show that the causality from tourism receipts to GDP is statistically significant. And also this study shows that the tourism policies and the tourism revenues are more effective on the GDP than the export policies and the revenues. © 2019, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. The crucial role of customers’ positive experience and their subsequent word-of-mouth have been highlighted by both scholars and practitioners for all industry sectors. In response to an increasing concern of environmental sustainability and sensitivity of consumers for deteriorating environment, eco-friendly (green) products and services gained tremendous attention. TripAdvisor is increasingly known as one of the most popular e-tourism platforms. Understanding and predicting the traveler’ preferences by advanced big data analytics technology is an important task that the recommendation engine of this platform does. In this paper, we aim to develop a new soft computing method with the aid of machine learning techniques in order to find the best matching eco-friendly hotels based on the several quality factors in TripAdvisor. We develop the method using dimensionality reduction and prediction machine learning techniques to improve the scalability of prediction from the large number of users’ ratings. The proposed soft computing method is evaluated on a large dataset discovered from the TripAdvisor platform. The results show that the combination of dimensionality reduction and prediction machine learning techniques is robust in processing the large number of the ratings provided by users on the features of eco-friendly hotels and predicting travelers’ choice preferences of eco-friendly hotels in TripAdvisor. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd Cultural heritage carries two sets of tangible and intangible assets. The relationship between tourism and intangible cultural heritage is a young but growing discourse. However, tourism planning and strategy development for intangible cultural heritage have so far remained undervalued. This gap looks much bigger within the Persian context. The aim of this chapter is to explore how the roles of Persian intangible cultural heritage in tourism are perceived, and whether the intended roles can be promoted as practicable tourism strategies. Data analysis suggests intangible cultural heritage as a tool that contributes positively to developing tourism strategies through promoting destination attraction and marketing opportunities and sustainability in tourism. © 2019 by Emerald Publishing Limited. The proceedings contain 52 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Advanced Intelligent Systems for Sustainable Development. The topics include: An Online Framework for Earlier Cancer Diagnosis: Association Rules and Decision Tree Based Approach; an Optimized Iterative Partitioning Model for Predicting Computer System Failures Based on Deep Learning; analyzing Social Media Opinions Using Hybrid Machine Learning Model Based on Artificial Neural Network Optimized by Particle Swarm Optimization; anomaly Detection in Credit Card Transactions; Application of a Discrete to Continuous Approach Based-Alignment Algorithm for Capillary Electrophoresis DNA Sequencing Correction; Automatic Evaluation of UML Class Diagrams Using the XML Schema Matching and the Machine Learning Algorithm; big Data and Interactive Visualization: Overview on Challenges, Techniques and Tools; big Data for Context-Aware Computing; classification of Iris Plant Using Perceptron Neural Network; a Deep Neural Network Classification Approach for Alzheimer’s Disease Diagnosis; comparative and Analytical Study of Big Data Technologies: A Survey; comparison of Modified Hierarchical Clustering Based on Density Peaks Using Kernel Function with Support Vector Machines in the Classification of Sinusitis; deep ConvNet for Facial Emotion Recognition; design of a Mini Robot for the Automation of 3D Winding Machines Axes and Self-correction by Artificial Vision Using Deep Learning; elephants Herding Optimization to Solve the Multiple Travelling Salesman Problem; exploring Convolutional Neural Networks and Recurrent Neural Networks for Arabic Question Classification; exploring the Use of Word Embedding and Deep Learning in Arabic Sentiment Analysis; facility Location Problem for Reusable Containers Distribution System; front and Rear Vehicle Classification. This research paper identifies and explores the opinions and attitudes of young people about urban transport. It is the first study on this topic, based on the survey, analysing the mobility choices of young adults (more specifically, Generation Y) in Poland and for countries in Central and Eastern Europe. The aim of the paper is to show their travel behaviour from sustainable mobility perspective. The primary data was obtained through the online survey. The data analysis was held with use of factor analysis andANOVA. The research results indicated the variables influencing the environmental dimension of sustainable mobility attitudes of young adults in four areas: the ecology-oriented approach to transport, opinions about sharing economy, public car concept and future transport system. The analysis of variance revealed significant differences in the ecology-oriented approach between people born in different decades, between men and women and between people with driving licences and people without them. Those results provide the insights for local authorities and mobility service providers. The recommendations at the end of the paper focus on the need for continuation of research in similar fields. © 2019 by the authors. Purpose: examination the sustainable tourism in sport with emphasis on spectators' contribution in environmental preservation. Material and methods. The population of the study consisted of all sports spectators of 27th Fajr Open and Esteghlal vs Tractor rematch from 15th Persian Gulf Pro League. According to Kukran formula sample size was equal to 722 persons. 920 questionnaires distributed among population that 722questionnaires were analyzed .In order to collect data a self-made questionnaire was used which it's validity confirmed by 5 sports teachers of Razi and Tehran university and variables reliability was calculated by using Cronbach's alpha coefficient which was equal to 0.89. Data analysis done by using the descriptive and inferential statistics include Kolmogorov–Smirnov, Pearson correlation, path analysis of structural equations, Regression and also AMOS-21 and SPSS-22. The results showed that environmental communication should be formed within the right framework, encourage people to Environmentally Responsible Behavior through a bonus is not necessarily effective and doesn't encourage sports spectator. Results. Result showed that spectators display more cooperation through targeting for enjoyment and are sensitive toward any perceived cost in the implementation of Environmentally Responsible Behavior. The result also showed if cooperation with Environmental Management System doesn't take too much time and totally doesn't interfere with their enjoyment of watching match, they will support it automatically. The results also suggest the need to design efficient equipment to ensure ease of use and as a result reducing the perceived cost associated with Environmentally Responsible Behavior. Conclusion. Sports event owners can encourage spectators to do the Environmentally Responsible Behavior by connecting with them and also induce this fact to spectators that associate with the event can assist them to experience higher quality events in the future. © Kiani M.S., 2019. Background: We evaluated if interventions aimed at air travellers can delay local severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) community transmission in a previously unaffected country. Methods: We simulated infected air travellers arriving into countries with no sustained SARS-CoV-2 transmission or other introduction routes from affected regions. We assessed the effectiveness of syndromic screening at departure and/or arrival and traveller sensitisation to the COVID-2019-like symptoms with the aim to trigger rapid self-isolation and reporting on symptom onset to enable contact tracing. We assumed that syndromic screening would reduce the number of infected arrivals and that traveller sensitisation reduces the average number of secondary cases. We use stochastic simulations to account for uncertainty in both arrival and secondary infections rates, and present sensitivity analyses on arrival rates of infected travellers and the effectiveness of traveller sensitisation. We report the median expected delay achievable in each scenario and an inner 50% interval. Results: Under baseline assumptions, introducing exit and entry screening in combination with traveller sensitisation can delay a local SARS-CoV-2 outbreak by 8 days (50% interval: 3-14 days) when the rate of importation is 1 infected traveller per week at time of introduction. The additional benefit of entry screening is small if exit screening is effective: the combination of only exit screening and traveller sensitisation can delay an outbreak by 7 days (50% interval: 2-13 days). In the absence of screening, with less effective sensitisation, or a higher rate of importation, these delays shrink rapidly to <4 days. Conclusion: Syndromic screening and traveller sensitisation in combination may have marginally delayed SARS-CoV-2 outbreaks in unaffected countries. © International Society of Travel Medicine 2020. Though community empowerment and sustainable tourism development (STD) have been discussed in the existing literature, little research has focused on the elaborate mechanisms between these two variables. Therefore, the present study examines the relationship between community empowerment and STD, along with the mediating role played by community support for tourism. Using social exchange theory, this research establishes theoretical relationships between vital variables for STD. A survey of empirical study was undertaken, and data were collected from 353 local residents in the northern area of Pakistan. The results for data analyses demonstrated a significant relationship between community empowerment and STD initiatives, and community support for tourism was shown to partially mediate the relationship between the two variables. The findings imply that high community empowerment enables the community to establish successful sustainable tourism development through local people's support for tourism. This study contributes theoretically to identifying the idea that community members' support for tourism has a crucial function bridging the link from community empowerment to sustain tourism in a local area. © 2019 by the authors. Alleviating public traffic congestion is an efficient and effective way to improve the travel time reliability and quality of public transport services. The existing public network optimization models usually ignored the essential impact of public traffic congestion on the performance of public transport service. To address this problem, this study proposes a data-based methodology to estimate the traffic congestion of road segments between bus stops (RSBs). The proposed methodology involves two steps: 1) Extracting three traffic indicators of the RSBs from smart card data and bus trajectory data; 2) The self-organizing map (SOM) is used to cluster and effectively recognize traffic patterns embedded in the RSBs. Furthermore, a congestion index for ranking the SOM clusters is developed to determine the congested RSBs. A case study using real-world datasets from a public transport system validates the proposed methodology. Based on the congested RSBs, an exploratory example of public transport network optimization is discussed and evaluated using a genetic algorithm. The clustering results showed that the SOM could suitably reflect the traffic characteristics and estimate traffic congestion of the RSBs. The results obtained in this study are expected to demonstrate the usefulness of the proposed methodology in sustainable public transport improvements. © 2020 by the authors. Effectively of transportation services plays an important role in modern industry. This study was carried out to know the transportation services that request a number of challenges of the customers; it takes from a depot center with the aim of minimizing the distance to get optimal delivery. The method or model chosen to estimate travel time on the specific route set for trucks is the Greenshield model (Banks, 2002). The Green Open Vehicle Routing Problem model was adapted a linear relationship between the estimated speed on the road section vi, vehicle per meter ki on the road route i, traffic jam kj, the speed for the chosen truck route sa. The data analysis showed that at the stage of optimization of the current, departures were determined from the ant system where most ants used a route that attracted ants with their pheromone deposits. Pheromone deposits were on the number of solutions of all ants. It concluded that a model of Green Open Vehicle Routing Problem (GOVR) to keep the sustainable transportation is more effective. It could be a special route for truck vehicles to avoid traffic congestion so that less air pollution from vehicles emits CO2 per vehicle-mile. © 2020 Pakistan Journal of Statistics. Traffic congestion is one of the key issues relating to sustainability and livability in many large cities. In particular, the situation in the growing megacities of developing countries has been worsening and is now attracting considerable attention from researchers and politicians. An understanding of the spatio-temporal patterns of this congestion is necessary in order to formulate effective policies to relieve it. Much of the research to date has focused on single districts for relatively short periods (days or weeks) using GPS, while long-term analysis of spatial and temporal patterns of traffic congestion at the city level has been rare. The aim of this paper is to help fill this gap in the literature by applying a big data analytic approach to a sample of 10.16 million records of traffic congestion indexes for 233 roads in the Beijing area over a six-month period. This analysis revealed four typical traffic congestion patterns in Beijing, which can be described as the weekend mode, holiday mode, weekday mode A, and weekday mode B. Each of these patterns possesses unique spatial and temporal characteristics. Compared with working days, on which congestion is regular and agglomerated, weekends and holidays are characterized by long-lasting congestion peaks throughout the day. Non-commuting travel on weekends and holidays, including trips for tourism, shopping, entertainment, and children's after-school activities, are major contributors to traffic congestion of the weekend and holiday mode. Owing to poor jobs-housing balance, the suburban new towns and job centres had relatively higher congestion than other areas. These findings shed significant light on geographical patterns of traffic congestion in growing megacities. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd Pro-environmental behaviours (PEB) depict behaviours that cause minimal harm to or even benefit the environment. Employees are an important stakeholder in organisational environmental initiatives; however, there is little understanding of the leadership mechanisms and workplace support that can nurture these behaviours. In addition, empirical studies on the effect of workplace spirituality on employees' PEB are limited. Understanding the factors that can influence employees' workplace PEB is of significance in improving environmental sustainability in the hospitality industry. This study investigated the effect of leadership behaviour, institutional support and workplace spirituality on hotel employees' PEB in South Africa. This study utilised a quantitative research approach and a causal research design. The cross-sectional survey method was used for data collection. Convenience sampling method was used to identify the participants in the survey. Data analysis included descriptive statistics and structural equation modelling. The results of this study showed significant positive relationships between leadership behaviour, institutional support and workplace spirituality and hotel employees' PEB. Theoretically, the study linked spirituality to employees' workplace PEB as spiritual discourses have been marginalised in tourism research. Empirically, the study adds to the literature on the determinants of employees' workplace PEB in the hospitality sector. Practically, the study makes recommendations that can improve the workplace PEB of hotel employees. © 2019 by the authors. This paper explores a blend of digital and traditional methods to inform about a city's popular spaces. Using locational data from social media platforms including Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram, along with using participatory field surveys and direct observations and combining insights from architecture and urban design literature, this study reveals popular socio-spatial clusters in the city of Chicago. The locational data of photographs were visualized by using geographic information systems, and they helped in producing heat maps that showed the spatial distribution of posted photographs. The geo-intensity of photographs illustrated the areas that are the most visited in the city. The study's results indicate that the city's most popular places include Millennium Park, Maggie Daley Park, Navy Pier, the Magnificent Mile Gateway, the Inner Loop, the Water Tower Area, the River Confluence, Museum Campus, Urban Giants, Grant Park, and the River City complex. The findings elucidate that social media plays an important role in promoting places and thereby sustaining a greater interest and stream of visitors. Consequently, planners should tap into the public's digital engagement in city places to improve tourism and the economy. © 2019 by the authors. With the popularity of Bogor Botanic Gardens (Kebun Raya Bogor, Indonesia) as one of the most favorite tourist destination in Indonesia, the number of visitors has extremely increased in the last three consecutive years. However, the increasing number of visitors threat the sustainability of biological and natural resources which is caused by behavior violations of visitors i.e. littering problem. In this work, we propose an initial design of smart botanic gardens application to reduce littering problem that contributes to the preservation of biological and natural resources. We adopt the model of sustainable behavior in implementing mobile application so that there are more interaction and participation from communities that trigger more awareness among the people. Moreover, we enhance our apps with machine learning-based motion detection that automatically detects littering activities inside the garden. The notification will be given to the operational team so that they can take proper reactions. © 2018 IEEE. Sustainable tourism is important issue in tourism industry, being one of the recent practices employed in hospitality industry. Tour operators are the stakeholders in tourism industry that have obligations towards sustainable tourism due to their roles towards destination and business sustainability. However, studies related to involvement of tour operators in sustainable tourism practices are still limited, especially from Malaysian perspective. Therefore, this study intends to explore the sustainable tourism practices adopted by tour operators in Malaysia. A preliminary study of qualitative approach was undertaken to identify sustainable tourism practices adopted by tour operators in Malaysia, focusing on sustainable business management and sustainable destination management. Ten semi-structured interviews were used in this study, focusing on tour managers and tour business owners who are directly involved in tour operators' operations. A content analysis was used in data analysis to identify sustainable tourism practices adopted by tour operators in Malaysia. 31 sustainable tourism practices were identified under the sustainable business management and sustainable destination management. In conclusion, the results of this study have the potential to contribute towards the knowledge on sustainable tourism practices for tour operators in Malaysia as well as practically helping tour operators to adopt sustainable tourism practices in their daily operations. © Penerbit UMT. This paper proposes a hybrid method for online reviews analysis through multi-criteria decision-making, text mining and predictive learning techniques to find the relative importance of factors affecting travelers' decision-making in selecting green hotels with spa services. The proposed method is developed for the first time in the context of tourism and hospitality by this research, especially for customer segmentation in green hotels through customers' online reviews. We use Self-Organizing Map (SOM) for cluster analysis, Latent Dirichlet Analysis (LDA) technique for analyzing textual reviews, Technique for Order of Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) for ranking hotel features, and Neuro-Fuzzy technique to reveal the customer satisfaction levels. The impact of green hotels with spa and non-spa services on travelers' satisfaction is investigated for four travelling groups: Travelled solo, Travelled with family, Travelled as a couple and Travelled with friends. The proposed method is evaluated on the travelers' reviews on 152 hotels in Malaysia. The findings of this study provide an important method for travelers' decision-making for hotel selection through User-Generated Content (UGC) and help hotel managers to improve their service quality and marketing strategies. © 2019 by the authors. The city of Rethymno in Crete is the first Greek city to host a Dockless Bike Sharing System (DBSS). This is a scheme that means to promote sustainable mobility and help mitigating high levels of car traffic induced particularly during summer by a consistently increasing number of tourists. The present paper examines the efficiency of this DBSS aiming at: a) analysing the current usage patterns, b) identifying and discussing the various reasons that encourage or deter its use and c) capturing a few key user perceptions reflecting and affecting scheme acceptance and usage. The study adopts a mix-method approach consisting of secondary data analysis, field observations and a quantitative survey, completed by 534 DBSS users. The findings illustrate that DBSS is used primarily for short-distance trips (up to 1,5 km) and very short rentals (up to 15 min). Traffic safety concerns and limitations in the existing cycling infrastructure are two of the factors adversely affecting the scheme's usage, since many questioned whether the scheme was an effective investment under the present situation with the given constrains of Rethymno's transport system. The majority of both frequent and occasional users thought that the scheme is affordable, easy to use and suitable for both tourist and local populations. These findings constitute the first ever footprint of DBSS usage in Greece and can be used as an input for delivering appropriate policy interventions in future urban transportation strategies looking to promote and reinforce bike sharing usage and increase cycling uptake. The paper also offers valuable guidance to mobility providers about how bike sharing businesses can prosper long-term in an environment where shared mobility schemes constitute novel socio-technical interventions. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd Most research regarding the relationship between cities and transportation carbon emission is focused on intra-city travel, and it has been found that compact patterns tend to emit less carbon. Yet, little is known about the impact of national-level spatial distribution of cities and inter-city transportation on transportation CO2 emissions. Further, most studies regarding the impact of urbanization on CO2 emission directly examine the relationship between urbanization rate and CO2 emission with little consideration of the national spatial pattern of urbanization. This study hypothesizes that the national-level spatial distribution of cities – in a dispersed or polarized pattern – affects national transport CO2 emissions due to the varying intensity of inter-city transportation. This study uses the Gridded Population of the World v3 and v4 from Socioeconomic Data and Applications Center (SEDAC) of NASA to examine the national-level spatial distribution of urban agglomerations. It applies the Stochastic Impacts by Regression on Population, Affluence, and Technology (STIRPAT) model. The analysis shows that, among 60–90% of urbanized countries, spatially dispersed urbanized countries (e.g., countries with many medium-sized cities scattered over the territory) show a lower national transportation CO2 emission than spatially polarized urbanized countries (e.g., there are only a few large cities). The urban system elasticity of transportation CO2 emissions is 0.4 or 0.6. That is, if the degree of polarization decreases by 1%, national transportation CO2 emissions decrease by approximately 0.4–0.6%. This effect is similar to the effect of GDP per capita of around 0.5%. Because it is particularly difficult to disperse people and economic activities across a country once spatial polarization is set, this study's findings have the most significant implications for urbanizing countries. If urbanizing countries adopt national urban policy and territorial plans to form dispersed cities, it could reduce transportation carbon emissions and promote sustainable development. For already urbanized countries, national urban policy development is recommended to promote spatially dispersed rather than polarized national urban systems. © 2019 Elsevier Inc. Be it for the purpose of seeking better education, to make a living or just to live a busy life full of hustle and bustle, people find themselves travelling to huge metropolitan cities. With the numbers increasing with leaps and bounds, the cost of living is drastically affected. The resources are used extensively, but the process of mass production acts as a counter to this in some sectors. It is imperative to be aware of the necessities and their costs in these cities to plan a satisfactory life, without causing a ruckus and ending up broke. Keeping in mind, the necessity of living in these metropolitan cities, a statistical study is aimed to analyse the cost of living in these huge hubs, which would help the people to get a good idea of the financial challenges and aid them to plan their budget for comfort life. The study involves a survey inquiring about the cost of basic amenities required to live in metropolitan cities in India. The average expenditure of people is to determine the deviation across the country. Testing of hypothesis is applied to test the significant difference between average from our observations (which acted as sample) and average from the internet source (as population). The statistical study proves to be an efficient tool in identifying the most cost efficient city, to sustain a satisfactory life at minimal expense and financial efficiency in various aspects. The result clearly indicates the significance of the data analytics which guides the individuals to plan their future living in these humungous cities. The report serves as an aid to the common masses to sustain a satisfactory lifestyle in the buzzing metropolitan cities, getting the most out of every penny. © BEIESP.                              Epithelial wound healing requires the coordination of cells to migrate as a unit over the basement membrane after injury. To understand the process of this coordinated movement, it is critical to study the dynamics of cell-cell communication. We developed a method to characterize the injury-induced sustained Ca                             2+                              mobilizations that travel between cells for periods of time up to several hours. These events of communication are concentrated along the wound edge and are reduced in cells further away from the wound. Our goal was to delineate the role and contribution of these sustained mobilizations and using MATLAB analyses, we determined the probability of cell-cell communication events in both in vitro models and ex vivo organ culture models. We demonstrated that the injury response was complex and represented the activation of a number of receptors. In addition, we found that pannexin channels mediated the cell-cell communication and motility. Furthermore, the sustained Ca                             2+                              mobilizations are associated with changes in cell morphology and motility during wound healing. The results demonstrate that both purinoreceptors and pannexins regulate the sustained Ca                             2+                              mobilization necessary for cell-cell communication in wound healing.                          © 2019 Lee et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited. Transit offers stop-to-stop services rather than door-to-door services. The trip from a transit hub to the final destination is often entitled as the "last-mile" trip. This study innovatively proposes a hybrid approach by combining the data mining technique and multiple attribute decision making to identify the optimal travel mode for last-mile, in which the data mining technique is applied in order to objectively determine the weights. Four last-mile travel modes, including walking, bike-sharing, community bus, and on-demand ride-sharing service, are ranked based upon three evaluation criteria: travel time, monetary cost, and environmental performance. The selection of last-mile trip modes in Chengdu, China, is taken as a typical case example, to demonstrate the application of the proposed approach. Results show that the optimal travel mode highly varies by the distance of the "last-mile" and that bike-sharing serves as the optimal travel mode if the last-mile distance is no more than 3 km, whilst the community bus becomes the optimal mode if the distance equals 4 and 5 km. It is expected that this study offers an evidence-based approach to help select the reasonable last-mile travel mode and provides insights into developing a sustainable urban transport system. © 2019 by the authors. Tourism can act as an important engine for rural development in peripheral mountain communities that often face many economic, social and environmental challenges [1]. In fact, although tourism activity has become a primary source of income for many mountain areas [2], the environmental impact of tourism can be particularly critical and significant in these ones [3], mainly due to a: i) lack of infrastructure, and ii) lack of sustainable planning policies by the authorities [4]. Mountain tourism includes multiple forms: skiing, mountaineering, hiking or climbing; In addition, other active tourism modalities such as cycle tourism or canyoning have been incorporated [2; 5]. Tourism activities in mountain areas can be beneficial to settle the population, in addition to improve people's quality of life in the mentioned areas, through sustainable development and environmental preservation [4; 6]. In addition, mountain tourism can contribute both to maintain biodiversity [7] and promoting sustainable rural development in mountain areas [8, 9]. Nevertheless, the areas where such activities take place are often considered environmentally vulnerable [10; 11] and therefore it is vitally important to establish long term sustainable tourism activities. In short, the coexistence of tourism and the primary activities of mountain regions should be aimed at maximizing the sustainability of the area [1; 12], so that agricultural and environmental policies-both at European, national and local levels-ensure a harmonious coexistence of primary activities with tourism [13]. This research aims to analyse the tourists perception in a mountain environment (Asturias, in the Northwest of Spain), studying their opinions on environmental sustainability in two main aspects, namely, i) the importance of experiencing virgin nature and ii) the choice of holiday accommodation without carbon emissions, for which the following research questions (RQ) are posed: (RQ1) What is the perception of sustainability among mountain tourists in Asturias? (RQ2) What sociodemographic factors can influence the propensity to increase expenses related to a sustainable holiday offer? The aforementioned questions are answered through a survey study conducted among tourists staying in the main mountain areas of Asturias and, finally, some recommendations are proposed for both policy-makers and practitioners. The paper is structured as follows. Section 2 offers a brief description of Asturias, the Spanish region that has been chosen for the case study. Section 3 collects both the literature review and the research approach. Section 4 presents the research methodology, sample design, data analysis, as well as the discussion of findings. Finally, Section 6 sets the conclusions derived from the research conducted. © 2019 North Caucasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, State Technological University. All rights reserved. Sustaining the proper temperature and proper circulation in an enclosure is necessary for providing better comfort level to the occupants. This process is aided by Heat Ventilation and Air conditioning (HVAC) systems. Any enclosure is susceptible to build up of heat in the presence of occupants and improper eradication of this heat would cause distress. The main objective is to minimize the energy consumption by shifting towards a proposed system using the concept of IOT and mathematical data analysis. The need for automated temperature control is increasing day by day with smart and effective control methods. This project proposes to automate and increase efficiency of temperature control using regression model algorithms in the air-conditioned coaches of the Railways and other enclosed environments to provide optimum temperatures for comfortable travel to passengers. © 2019 Author(s). Water resources development and its availability is one of the crucial factors for sustainable development of nation. Planning for water resources development in basin requires careful assessment of the available water resources and reasonable need of the basin in foreseeable future for various purposes such as Irrigation, Drinking, Industries, Hydro power, Recreation, Tourism, Aquatic life, Agro-based industries, Dairy development, and Navigation etc. The water resources development and management should be planned on the basis of hydrologic unit such as sub-basin or watershed as a unit of development for integrated use of water resources together. For planning of integrated use of water, the precise knowledge of Geology, Drainage, Geomorphology, Hydrogeology, Landuse and Landcover, Rainfall, Distribution of soils, Existing cropping pattern and Socio-economic factors are essential need to be studied in detail. Considering this main aspect an integrated planning of water resources in Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh in India has been attempted. The primary objective of the study involves the assessment of various water resources available in the sub-basin by using of “Four Waters Concept”. The methodology of the four waters Concept revolves around the harvesting of available runoff like Rainwater, Surface Water, Ground Water and In-situ soil moisture. For entire water resources development of an area, the basin shall be decentralized from basin to sub-basin to the lowest possible level units for efficient utilization. Study also involves the Published literature, Field surveys, Ground water data, Toposheets and Soil Maps, Geological Maps analysis along with satellite data analysis for various seasons by using of the Geo-Spatial tools like ARCGIS, GPS. From the conducted study it can be revealed that available water resources in the sub-basin can be better utilized and managed by modern irrigation methods like drip and sprinkler irrigation and also by building the Water Grid system. © BEIESP. Global tourism has witnessed a growth in the popularity and diversity of event tourism (ET), fostering tourism benefits in destinations. This paper is the first to consider the planning challenges national parks (NPs) face when planning and executing event tourism (ET), and the conceptual and practical implications of planning ET and tourism in NPs. Applying semi-structured interviews, the empirical data of this manuscript was collected from two popular NPs in South Africa, as well as from the head office of the governing body responsible for NPs, known as SANParks. Data analysis brought up three core themes that are significant for managers and planners dealing with ET in NPs. The first was conservational issues; the second, tourism market and marketing; and the third, local communities. Theoretical and practical implications necessitate the requirements for event planners to integrate ET planning and policy efforts to the inherent challenging characteristics of NPs. The impact of this paper lies not only in its originality, but also in its contributions to existing literature on event planning, sustainable tourism, and tourism in NPs. © 2020 AJHTL /Author/s. Background: Dietary behavior change interventions for the self-management of chronic kidney disease (CKD) have the potential to slow disease progression and reduce metabolic complications. Telehealth-delivered dietary interventions may assist in the self-management of CKD, although their acceptability by patients is unknown. Objective: This study aims to describe the acceptability and experiences of a telehealth coaching intervention that utilized telephone calls and tailored text messages to improve diet quality in patients with stage 3 to 4 CKD. Design: Semistructured interview study of adults with CKD. Participants/setting: Adults with stage 3 to 4 CKD (n=21) aged 28 to 78 (mean 62) years, who completed a 12-week telehealth-delivered dietary intervention in Queensland, Australia, were interviewed from March to July 2017. Data analysis: Interviews were transcribed verbatim and analyzed thematically. Results: Five themes were identified: valuing relationships (receiving tangible and perceptible support, building trust and rapport remotely, motivated by accountability, readily responding to a personalized approach, reassured by health professional expertise); appreciating convenience (integrating easily into lifestyle, talking comfortably in a familiar environment, minimizing travel and wait time burden); empowered with actionable knowledge (comprehending diet-disease mechanisms, practical problem solving for sustainable dietary behavior); increasing diet consciousness (learning from recurrent feedback, prompted by reiteration of messages); making sense of complexity (contextualizing and prioritizing comorbidities, gaining confidence to make dietary decisions, setting and achieving realistic goals). Conclusions: Among adults with stage 3 to 4 CKD, individualized telehealth coaching for improving diet quality was convenient for patients, and they felt supported and empowered to navigate recommendations and prioritize dietary behavior changes. Telehealth-delivered dietary interventions appear to be well accepted by patients as a way of providing regular, tailored contact with a health professional to support dietary management in CKD. © 2019 Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics Ecological environment assessment would be helpful for a rapid and systematic understanding of ecological status and would contribute to formulate appropriate strategies for the sustainability of heritage sites. A procedure based on spatial principle component analysis was employed to measure the ecological status in Bayinbuluke; exploratory spatial data analysis and geo-detector model were introduced to assess the spatio-temporal distribution characteristics and detect the driving factors of the ecological environment. Five results are presented: (1) During 2007-2018, the average values of moisture, greenness, and heat increased by 51.72%, 23.10%, and 4.99% respectively, and the average values of dryness decreased by 56.70%. However, the fluctuation of each indicator increased. (2) The ecological environment of Bayinbuluke was improved from 2007 to 2018, and presented a distribution pattern that the heritage site was better than the buffer zone, and the southeast area was better than the northwest area. (3) The ecological environment presented a significant spatial clustering characteristic, and four types of spatial associations were proposed for assessing spatial dependence among the samples. (4) Elevation, protection partition, temperature, river, road, tourism, precipitation, community resident, and slope were statistically significant with respect to the changes in ecological status, and the interaction of any two factors was higher than the effect of one factor alone. (5) The remote-sensing ecological index (RSEI) could reflect the vegetation growth to a certain extent, but has limited ability to respond to species structure. Overall, the framework presented in this paper realized a visual and measurable approach for a detailed monitoring of the ecological environment and provided valuable information for the protection and management of heritage sites. © 2019 by the authors. Cycling is a green, sustainable, and healthy choice for transportation that has been widely advocated worldwide in recent years. It can also encourage the use of public transit by solving the “last-mile” issue, because transit passengers can cycle to and from transit stations to achieve a combination of speed and flexibility. Cycling as a transfer mode has been shown to be affected by various built environment characteristics, such as the urban density, land-use mix, and destination accessibility, that is, the ease with which cyclists can reach their destinations. However, cycling destination accessibility is loosely defined in the literature and the methods of assessing cycling accessibility is often assumed to be equivalent to walking accessibility using the same decay curves, such as the negative exponential function, which ignores the competitive relationship between cycling and walking within a short distance range around transit stations. In this study, we aim to fill the above gap by measuring the cycling destination accessibility of metro station areas using data from more than three million bicycle-metro transfer trips from a dockless bicycle-sharing program in Shenzhen, China. We found that the frequency of bicycle-metro trips has a positive association with a trip distance of 500 m or less and a negative association with a trip distance beyond 500 m. A new cycling accessibility metric with a lognormal distribution decay curve was developed by considering the distance decay characteristics and cycling’s competition with walking. The new accessibility model outperformed the traditional model with an exponential decay function, or that without a distance decay function, in predicting the frequency of bicycle-metro trips. Hence, to promote bicycle-metro integration, urban planners and government agencies should carefully consider the destination accessibility of metro station areas. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Major challenges for the future transport systems include, inter alia, the reduction of emissions and reasonable energy management. To this end, one of actions popular in recent years is the development of electromobility in cities. This development is often difficult because of the social and infrastructure barriers. The article presents the method that enables to develop electromobility in cities which have a negligible number of charging station. The method is based on new technologies (in this case, multimodal trip planner developed in the framework of an international project Electric Travelling in ERA-NET CoFund Electric Mobility Europe) and acquisition of Big Data determining directly the needs of people travelling. Information gathered can provide a relevant decision-making support while determining the location of charging stations with the objective of promoting electric vehicles. © 2019 Avestia Publishing. The purpose of the study was to determine the effects of natural resources on tourism sustainability in Maasai Mara National Game Reserve, Kenya. The study adopted explanatory research design. The target population was 169,220 household in Narok County, 300 tourists and 18 experts. The sample size was 507 respondents comprising of 399 households, 90 tourists and 18 experts selected by simple random sampling, convenience sampling and snowball sampling respectively. Structured questionnaires collected data from the host community which was analyzed using Pearson product moment of correlation, linear and multiple regressions. Data analyses were done through quantitative techniques of descriptive and inferential statistics with the aid of SPSS V.23. The processes Macro were used to test the mediation effects. Results indicated that there was a positive significant relationship between climate change and natural resources (β=0.286 and p=0.000). Moreover, climate change affects natural resources positively as there was a positive significant relationship between natural resources and tourism sustainability (β=0.393 and p < 0.000). The natural resources controlling for climate change predicts 42.3% of tourism sustainability. In conclusion, natural resources mediate the relationship between climate change and tourism sustainability. Despite moderate adaptive capacity to climate change effects, the study raises urgent interventions for the tourism industry stakeholders on rainfall and temperature variations that positively contribute to influence the decline in wildlife populations and natural vegetation. Tourism operators have no choice but to adopt mitigation and adaptation strategies. It is crucial that policies aimed at strengthening climate change mitigation and adaptation strategies should be enacted at the same time full implementation of the Climate Change Act of 2016. A need exists for future research to use other climate change indicators other than rainfall and temperature. © 2019 AJHTL /Author/s. The concern about the production of international standards to measure the sustainability of tourism is present today, especially the discourse on the introduction of new sources. This article aims to survey and describe the main approaches and methodologies to use big data to measure tourism sustainability. Successful cases are addressed by explaining the main opportunities and challenges for the creation of official tourist statistics. A comprehensive review of publications regarding this field was carried out by applying the systematic literature review technique. This contributes a knowledge base to destination management organisations to encourage the implementation of official tourism statistics systems using big data. © 2019 by the authors. The development of advanced vehicles that will travel between planetary surfaces with atmospheres and space requires the availability of experimental and computational capabilities that accomplish the research leading to new technologies and the development, test, and evaluation (RDT&E) of new flight systems. The United States is at risk of not having the required RDT&E workforce - qualified and in sufficient numbers - in place and ready to meet the future market's commercial and defense needs. Systemic challenges include uncertain Federal budgets that limit and interrupt government research and development, the projectized nature of new space access systems that drive boom/bust cycles, an aging aerospace workforce (compounded by a mid-age demographic gap), limited to declining investment in sustaining and advancing experimental and computational tools infrastructure, lack of standards for sharing (and leveraging) data, dramatically changing technologies, changing social norms, and potentially large increases in commercial market needs. Flight systems have mission-based trajectories to and from space and designers must ensure risk is properly assessed across the entire trajectory. Thus, physics questions must be answered at each stage of flight, which requires a suite of experimental and computational tools. The RDT&E workforce utilizing these tools include subject matter experts from the producers, interested in acquiring data and information on the product, and from the capabilities being utilized, interested in addressing the product customer's needs (providing robust data collection techniques, data quality, timeliness - available when needed, efficient with cost management, and teaming on data analysis). This requires a range of skills - in addition to aerospace, other engineers, and software developers, a highly trained and certified craft and technician workforce is critical to future success. This paper will present a human resource construct that addresses the system of needs for people - including, but more than just technical skills and an application of that construct in the hypersonic Test and Evaluation (T&E) communit y. This is part of a larger AIAA effort to document challenges and associated best practices for the aerospace RDT&E workforce. Copyright © 2019 by the International Astronautical Federation (IAF). All rights reserved. Oxygen of Thailand's economy is its tourism industry which has also geared up all related sectors too. Country is making a lot of efforts to achieve sustainable tourism supply chain performance through Big Data Analytics (BDA) as without BDA, it was never possible to move towards sustainability for such a big industry. However, IT capability seems a missing piece in some cases which can decrease the effectiveness of BDA dimensions. Author has aimed to analyze the impact of BDA planning, investment, coordination and control on sustainable tourism development in moderating role of IT capability. Sample was consisted of those hotels and hospitality industry units which already have BDA system in operational phase and their employees were surveyed through questionnaire and responses were then analyzed on SPSS and AMOS for hypotheses testing. Results have enlightened that BDA dimensions have significant positive impact on sustainable tourism supply chain performance while IT capability was also found as positive and significant moderator too. None of the previous studies have taken IT capability as moderator but this originality in this study has long lasting implications for tourism and manufacturing industry to induce IT capability in their organizations to achieve sustainability. © ExcelingTech Pub, UK. This research explores the potentials of co-management and the state of its implementation in, which is an economy in transition and highly dependent on tourism. The study will focus on multi-level governance structure/behavior in the public sector and quasi-governmental institutions, private sector, and the role of NGOs in relation to local-level commons. Tourism is an energy intensive industry with a high carbon footprint, which immensely affects the common pool resources (CPR) and ecosystems. With such combative relation between tourism and CPR, co-management offers a solid platform for institutions and resource users to share power and collaborate to reconcile the strife between tourism and ecosystems. This study conducted an in-depth interview to obtain qualitative data. MAXQDA12 software was utilized for the data analysis. The results showed that despite an awareness of the environmental challenges and perils of mass tourism, potentials of co-management has not been realized through a multi-level governance approach to tackle the challenges. The implications and limitations are also elaborated. © 2019 Spatial visitation patterns and its features on nature-based tourism are difficult to assess using only a field-based survey, which is costly and labor intensive. However, understanding of a protected area's visitation status is critical, as it can strongly influence the sustainability of natural resources. Hence, it is important to identify ‘where people visit’ and ‘why people visit,’ to evaluate the features attractive to tourists. In this regard, we proposed and applied social big data to investigate nature-based tourism in an ASEAN Heritage Park. Overall, our research was able to effectively illustrate spatial patterns of visitation using 10 years of Flickr geo-tagged photographs. Hotspots of high visitation were identified, while revealing the local spatial impact of distributed attributes. This study offers insights into the applicability of social big data to protected-area management and its potential in reinforcing existing field-based participatory approaches. © 2018 The Authors Investments in bike-sharing and cycling infrastructures are justified for contributing towards more sustainable mobility in cities. Harvesting data from passive sources has important potential for better understanding the spatial patterns of human movements in urban areas including cycling. We explore data obtained from the Tel Aviv bike-sharing system and corresponding GTFS data, to understand the spatial patterns of cycling in the city and its relation to bus travel. Using a combination of transportation and geostatistical models including spatially adjusted regression, and all-or-nothing traffic assignment, we show that cycling movements are not well balanced and different behaviors are associated with the length of trips. Shorter trips are more concentrated in the city center and seem to complement bus travel. Longer trips are more focused on links with dedicated bicycle lanes and do not show strong correlations with bus travel, possibly indicating a weak substitution effect. The implications of data-driven studies for transport policy and spatial inquiries of urban mobility are further discussed. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd The rapid demand for goods shipping and increasing role of sea transportation services make countries that have sea territory developed sea transportation infrastructure. They do not only develop for transportation, exploitation of marine products, and tourism, but also make seafront areas as the potential development of the new city of Seatropolis. This research used the qualitative and quantitative method through literature studies to identity parameters as a minimum requirement for the development of marine areas that can support the development of advanced new cities. After that, through a case study on the country of Indonesia which is a maritime country with the largest area of the sea obtaining the sire of the initial investment cost of a city with the concept of seatropolis. In the final stage of this research was in-depth interviews for validating the results of data analysis results. The results of the case study identity' potentials in developing eco-town in the coastal area such as commercial area, residential power plant, and industries through sustainable development concept. The total initial cost to develop seatropolis cities was USS 1,974,070,053.85. This research observation divided the operational costs into three phases of construction development. Each phase of 2023, 2025, 2027 consisted of USS 18,888,781.62, USS 33,872,403.81, and USS 51,974,650.82. The government should include in the financing scheme for the initial cost of 59.38% and invest in operation and maintenance around 31.74% with obtained revenue of 33.96%. This scheme generates optimum IRR of about 15.41%. © 2019 International Conference on Construction in the 21st Century. All Rights Reserved. Competitiveness among tourism destinations has increased and especially those in the Mediterranean are characterised by high fragmentation and a large number of stakeholders involved in the decision-making process. In this regard, this research evaluates the stakeholders' perception from four Mediterranean countries on how their destinations are dealing with global trends. Data were collected from a sample of 379 stakeholders through an electronic survey. Descriptive and inferential data analyses were applied to determine if differences exist between countries. The results indicate that tourism was more dynamic in Malta and Portugal's coastal areas, compared with similar zones in France and Spain. Additionally, France's coastal areas were working harder to deal with possible terrorist threats, but these zones were making fewer efforts to ensure social sustainability and were less prepared to meet growing concerns about health and wellbeing. The findings of this innovative study can be used to support policy and decision-making. Copyright © 2020 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd. The challenge of increasing ridership in public transportation has never been easy. Private vehicles often provide a greater opportunity to travel in rural areas and small cities with low traffic density but not in high-density cities. This paper attempts to identify the factors that affect myBAS service operation in Perlis and provide ratings on its headway patterns. The study focuses on the passengers of myBAS in Perlis and the selected routes were T101, F101, and CF109, with the most access to popular cities. Atlas Ti. (Version 7.0) was used for data analysis and a group of 11 factors affecting service operation were identified. Subsequently, an observation was also made by comparing the schedules published by the operator. Based on United States Highway Capacity Manual 2010 (USHCM 2010), the findings revealed that LOS for headway pattern during peak hour on route T101, F101 and CF109 is in the range of E (30 min to 60 min) with 1 bus arriving per hour. The findings also show "Service available during hour" and by improving the LOS of bus headway, the operator may increase ridership among local citizens. This study will benefit the local authority in achieving the status of the sustainable city towards 2030 in line with the United Nation's declaration which focuses on green and healthy cities by having good mobility management and promoting better transportation planning as well as increasing ridership among citizens. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. Construction projects have unavoidable impacts on surrounding environment, such as public safety, emergency response, noise, and dust. These impacts are especially significant when construction projects are located in urban settings with tight space and high population constraints. Current means to evaluate construction impacts on the quality of life in urban settings are ineffective, because the current methods are reactive (in response to complaints reported to related city agencies) instead of being proactive. The broader availability of public city data from metropolitans such as New York City provides opportunities for practitioners, researchers, and civic organizations to extract knowledge from historical data and take proactive actions. Current efforts on analyzing data using open data platforms are mainly focused on tackling travel delays, predicting climate for hazard mitigation, and understanding the energy usage profiles. Continuous construction and rehabilitation in urban settings are part of the city life, yet with limited tools to understand their impacts. This paper investigates the impact of construction projects on urban quality of life by analyzing open city datasets through a method containing data selection, analysis and prediction model creation. The analysis uses road reconstruction projects as testbeds, complaints due to construction as measurement and leverages a machine-learning technique, hidden Markov models (HMM), to predict the future impact of similar construction projects. © 2018 ASCE. Tourism has been a new dimension in economics of international trade in the recent years for the developing countries. It contributes to the economic growth by contribution to the foreign exchange for many nations. The present study is an attempt to examine the relationship between tourism revenue, economic growth and its implications for the environment. Panel data approach for the period of 1995-2013 has been applied to the BRICS countries to investigate the interrelationship among variable using ARDL co-integration model. The result validates 'tourism led-growth hypothesis' for BRICS countries which implies that the growth of tourism in BRICS nations has a positive impact on economic growth. The study further reveals that the growth in tourism leads to both positive and negative effects on the economy over time. The study used renamed Environmental Kuznets Curve to reveal that not all environmental controlling measures improve but only pollution controlling measures helps improving income. The study concludes that growth in tourism generates negative externalities in the form of pollution, which needs to be addressed by the government to enhance sustainability in economic growth and development in BRICS nations. Smart tourism destination as: an innovative tourist destination, built on an infrastructure of state-of-the-art technology guaranteeing the sustainable development of tourist areas, accessible to everyone, which facilitates the visitor's interaction with and integration into his or her surroundings, increases the quality of the experience at the destination, and improves residents' quality of life. Lopez de Avila (2015). Smart tourism involves multiple components and layers of "smart" include (1) Smart Destinations which was special cases of smart cities integration of ICT's into physical infrastructure, (2) Smart experience which specifically focus on technology-mediated tourism experience and their engagement through personalization, context-awareness and real-time monitoring, (3) Smart business refer to the complex business ecosystem that creates and supports the exchange of touristic resource and the co-creation of tourism experience. Gretzel et al, (2015). Smart tourism also clearly relies on the ability to not only collect enormous of data but to intelligently store, process, combine, analyze and use big data to inform business innovation, operations and services by artificial intelligence and big data technique. The rapid development of information communication technology (ICT) such as artificial intelligent, cloud computing, mobile device, big data mining and social media cause computing, storage and communication relevant software and hardware popular. Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Microsoft and Google have risen rapidly since 2000. In recent years, Emerging technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Thing, Robotic, Cyber Security, 3D printer and Block chain also accelerate the development of industry toward digital transformation trend such as Fintech, e-commerce, smart cities, smart tourism, smart healthcare, smart manufacturing⋯. This study proposes a conceptual framework that integrates (1) artificial intelligence/machine learning, (2) institution/organizational and (3) business processes to assist smart tourism stake holder to leverage artificial intelligence to integrate cross-departmental business and streamline key performance metrics to build a business-level IT Strategy. Artificial intelligence as long as the function includes (1) Cognitive engagement to (voice/pattern recognition function) (2) Cognitive process automation (Robotic Process Automation) (3) Cognitive insight (forecast, recommendation). © 2018 International Consortium for Electronic Business. All rights reserved. Many studies on Lijiang Old Town, the World Heritage Site in China, criticise the negative impact that the rapid tourism development caused on its ‘outstanding universal value’. However, tourism is a very important driving force for the local development of heritage sites in poverty areas of developing countries. So how to balance the relationship between ‘heritage’, ‘community’ and ‘tourism’ is an important issue for human-inhabited World Heritage Sites in developing countries. The paper takes Lijiang as a case, introducing the huge changes of the ‘heritage’ and ‘community’ with the rapid tourism development since it was inscribed on the World Heritage List in 1997. It points out that since 2002, according to the social and economic development status then, Lijiang has redefined its general goals to protect its authenticity and integrity as a World Heritage Site, to improve the living condition, to guarantee the interests of local people, and to enhance harmonious social development. A series of public policies have been designed and implemented to integrate heritage conservation with local development. Based on data analysis, field investigation and questionnaire survey, the paper analyses this intervention process and the experience and lessons of it, providing certain reference for the conservation and sustainable development of human-inhabited World Heritage Sites. © 2017, The author (s). The explosion of content generated by users, in parallel with the spectacular growth of social media and the proliferation of mobile devices, is causing a paradigm shift in research. Surveys or interviews are no longer necessary to obtain users' opinions, because researchers can get this information freely on social media. In the field of tourism, online travel reviews (OTRs) hosted on travel-related websites stand out. The objective of this article is to demonstrate the usefulness of OTRs to analyse the image of a tourist destination. For this, a theoretical and methodological framework is defined, as well as metrics that allow for measuring different aspects (designative, appraisive and prescriptive) of the tourist image. The model is applied to the region of Attica (Greece) through a random sample of 300,000 TripAdvisor OTRs about attractions, activities, restaurants and hotels written in English between 2013 and 2018. The results show trends, preferences, assessments, and opinions from the demand side, which can be useful for destination managers in optimising the distribution of available resources and promoting sustainability. © 2019 by the authors. Though extremely valuable to the local marine tourism industry, there is a dearth of published information on the ecology and population dynamics of reef manta rays (Mobula alfredi) in Raja Ampat, West Papua, Indonesia. Knowledge of the movement ecology in particular of this large and scattered population is urgently needed to better manage the rapidly expanding manta-focused tourism. Here we report the results of an initial passive acoustic telemetry study designed to provide local managers with the first detailed knowledge of the site use and movement patterns of reef mantas in northern Raja Ampat. A total of 39 reef mantas were tagged with Vemco V16 acoustic transmitters over a 15-month period between 27 November 2013 and 22 February 2015. To monitor their movements, VR2W acoustic receivers were deployed at eight sites corresponding to known manta cleaning and feeding aggregation sites, with receivers downloaded every six months over a two-year initial monitoring period. The duration between tag deployments and last date of detections at sites ranged from 1 to 682 days (mean ± SE = 237 ± 27). The cumulative number of days of manta detections at receiver sites by individual mantas ranged from 1 to 188 days (mean ± SE = 42 ± 7). Manta Ridge was the most visited site with 565 days of detections. The tagged mantas demonstrated strong site fidelity to the observed aggregation sites. At the same time, they also exhibited seasonal movements within an approximately 150 km long corridor between sites in the Dampier Strait and the northwest of Waigeo Island. Data analysed from a nearby array of six VR2W receivers in southern Raja Ampat (approximately 180 km to the south of the study area) confirmed that none of the tagged mantas were detected in this array, providing further evidence of strong site fidelity and limited movements within northern Raja Ampat. More than 96% of detections occurred during the daytime. The number of detections reached a peak around noon at Yefnabi Kecil and Eagle Rock and slightly earlier at Manta Ridge. These findings have been shared with the Raja Ampat Marine Protected Area Management Authority and are now being used in the formulation of a management plan for this vulnerable and economically important species to ensure the long-term health of Raja Ampat's reef mantas and the sustainability of manta tourism in the region. © 2018 Nature Conservation Research.All right reserved. This study examines the dynamic linkages between alternative and nuclear energy consumption, tourism receipts, bank-specific factors, and environment and resource factors in a heterogeneous panel of countries for the period 1995–2016. The study also addresses the United Nations sustainable development agenda under a resource conservation framework across countries. A two-step differenced Generalized Method of Moments (GMM) estimator is employed for robust inferences. The results show that bank-specific factors substantially reduce resource depletion, whereas international tourism increases energy resource depletion and carbon emissions across countries. Nuclear energy consumption reduces resource depletion, whereas industrial value added increases resource depletion and carbon emissions; thus, it is imperative to devise strong policies for sustainable production across countries. The results of panel causality tests confirm different causality patterns among the studied variables. The study concludes that an environmental and resource conservation process needs sustainable policy instruments, including cleaner production techniques, renewable energy sources, and sustainable production and consumption to achieve green growth. © 2019, © 2019 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. Recently, "Smart tourism" has appeared as a new term to describe the application of the technological advancements that rely on sensors, big data processing technique, open data, open API, new way of connecting and exchanging between humans and machines and multi-device (such as IoT, RFID, and NFC) in tourism. When these technologies are utilized, the digital data become practical and valuable products. Besides, the mobile revolution, and specifically the role of the smartphone and its many opportunities to support travel experiences, is especially worth mentioning in this context. In addition, new management tool for the government, new business opportunities for travel agencies, as well as new experiences for tourists are created. Therefore, in this paper, a model for developing sustainable and intelligent tourism is studied and then an overall architecture model of the information system that can provide supporting services and tools for visitor management (Smart Tourism Service Centre – STSC) is proposed for fostering the smart cities in Vietnam, in general, and Danang, in particular. © 2018 Association for Computing Machinery. Historic districts are a special type of cultural heritage, as living cultural heritage, the utilization and development of historical districts is an inevitable issue. How to accurately position the protection and utilization of districts and achieve its healthy and sustainable development is the key work in the protection of districts. In this paper, the Internet data including Tencent's location big data are employed to study some Chinese historic and cultural streets, establish protection and development index system for historic and cultural streets, carry out in-depth study of ten core indicators, and sum up the positioning and development direction for the protection and use of districts. Historic district, as a special type of cultural heritage, is the birthplace and supporting zone of urban context, and also the place for the daily life of the general public. It boasts profound historic and humanistic background and the characteristics of a living form. As the living cultural heritage, its use and development are necessary, and attention shall also be paid to static protection and dynamic comprehensive management. But judging from the current practice, protection and use of historic districts face a host of challenges. Some districts are devoid of popularity and vitality and become cold galleries. Some districts suffer excessive development for tourism and commercialism, and lose its "original" cultural characteristics. In addition, throngs of tourists exert a negative impact on the life of the local people and the protection of immovable cultural relics. Disorderly business format and increasingly similar landscape go against the presentation of local characteristics. We should regard historic district as a dynamic urban heritage, and achieve dynamic development and protection in accordance with its inherent development laws and the principle of "step by step" through the "organic update" mode, with emphasis on the continuous comprehensive management of material space environment and cultural society. Therefore, how to make accurate positioning of the protection and utilization of districts and achieve its healthy and sustainable development is the key work in the protection of districts. © Authors 2017. Travel demand management, TDM, is one of several tools utilized by transportation engineers to tackle transportation challenges such as traffic congestion, energy demand, and emissions. It appears that transportation art can be used as a TDM instrument. TDM involves the application of policies and strategies to influence individual travel behavior. There are numerous examples of art being integrated in different transportation projects; primarily serving only aesthetic values. The objective of this research project is to understand the current extent, value, and challenges of transportation art, and explore potential benefits of using transportation art as a tool that extends beyond aesthetic values. In this work, an extensive literature review was conducted to identify transportation art cases that have succeeded in achieving operational functions along with its artistic purpose. Additionally, a survey was designed and conducted to assess the extent to which transportation artists, researchers, and practitioners from various agencies have considered such operation potentials of transportation art. Six types of agencies with different missions and regions across the nation were identified and surveyed. Overall, twelve interviews were conducted during the survey duration. Interview responses were evaluated using qualitative data analysis techniques and using the NVivo software. Interview results indicate positive potential of art to serve functional purposes such using it as a device to get more community involvement. In addition, interview results shed light on the lack of funds designated for transportation art, recent legislation that pertains to public art, various benefits of incorporating art into transportation projects, and the varying opinions of the interviewed agencies. Results of this work should prove valuable in developing novel, cost effective methods for TDM. © 2018 American Society of Civil Engineers. Under the paradigm shift toward smart tourism, the exhibition industry is making efforts to introduce innovative technologies that can provide more diverse and valuable experiences to attendees. However, various new information technologies have failed in a market in practice due to the user's resistance against it. Since innovative technology, such as booth recommender systems (BRS), is changing, creating uncertainty among consumers, consumer's resistance to innovative technology can be considered a normal reaction. Therefore, it is important for a company to understand the psychological aspect of the consumer's resistance and make measures to overcome the resistance. Accordingly, based on the model of Kim and Kankanhalli (2009), by applying the perceived value, the technology acceptance model, and the status quo bias theory, this study focused on the importance of self-efficacy and technical support in the context of using BRS. To do this purpose, a total of 455 survey data that was collected from "Korea franchise exhibition" attendees were used to analyze the proposed model. Structural equation modeling was applied for data analysis. The result shows that perceived value was affected by relative advantage and switching cost, also switching cost reduced the perceived value. However, self-efficacy reduced the switching cost, thereby decreasing the resistance of exhibition attendees. In addition, technical support increased the relative advantage switching cost and the perceived value. Exhibition attendee's resistance was significantly negatively affected by perceived value, and positively affected by switching cost. The results will provide balanced viewpoints between the relative advantage and switching cost for exhibition marketers, helping to strengthen the competitiveness in terms of sustainable tourism of exhibition. © 2017 by the authors. Today, most destinations aim at sustainable development and struggle to encourage the establishment of sustainable businesses. As recent studies reveal, Romania fails to perform well in this respect. The solution to this problem can be related to cultural tourism development. Alba County is a great example of a destination located in Transylvania. It hosts some of Transylvania most notorious and valuable vineries. In this context, survey-based research has been carried out on a representative sample of Romanian wine and wine tourism consumers to determine the attractiveness of this type of tourism and its potential for the development of sustainable wine businesses in the area. The research method consists of a self-applied online survey-based research, completing previous desk-based and field-research based cased studies developed for qualitative primary data collection and of secondary data analyses concerning the destination supply in terms of wine businesses and wine tourism development. The obtained results are compared to similar international studies. The paper most important contribution is the provision of solutions for the further development of Alba County sustainable wine businesses development and the perspectives of wine tourism in this area. @ 2018 Scibulcom Ltd. All Rights Reserved. The article argues that government can and should adopt a Public Private Partnership (PPP) model in implementing infrastructure projects in the tourism sector. Through proper development of tourist products and its promotion, a PPP model can be successfully implemented in tourism infrastructure projects. This however requires the knowledge and skills of the labour force in the public sector in partnering with the private sector so that success may be attained. Ensuring practicable, long-term economic operations, and providing needed socio-economic benefits for all stakeholders that are equitably distributed, together with steady employment and income-earning opportunities are critical. Equally vital is the provision of social services to local communities, and efforts to reduce poverty. Government should thus strive to make it easier for the private sector as a partner, to participate in the PPP transactions. There are however several challenges in the implementation of PPP model for public infrastructure projects. The purpose of this research paper was to identify the PPP constraints for public infrastructure projects. The researcher adopted qualitative methods and secondary data analysis of the literature was also conducted and emerging themes were identified. The research identified several constraints including the following: planning, skilled labour force, participation of all parties during the initial stages of the project to enhance decision-making and risk allocation, and practical PPP policies. The private sector's role as a partner in creating and maintaining sustainable tourism projects should not be underestimated. © 2018 AJHTL. Even though a variety of human mobility models have been recently developed, models that can capture real-time human mobility of urban populations in a sustainable and economical manner are still lacking. Here, we propose a novel human mobility model that combines the advantages of mobile phone signaling data (i.e., comprehensive penetration in a population) and urban transportation data (i.e., continuous collection and high accuracy). Using the proposed human mobility model, travel demands during each 1-h time window were estimated for the city of Shenzhen, China. Significantly, the estimated travel demands not only preserved the distribution of travel demands, but also captured real-time bursts of mobility fluxes during large crowding events. Finally, based on the proposed human mobility model, a predictive model is deployed to predict crowd gatherings that usually cause severe traffic jams. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd The objective of this study was to investigate barriers, motivators and strategies to potentially promote sustainable mobility for graduate and undergraduate students, staff and faculty members at the University of São Paulo campus in São Carlos, Brazil. The transtheoretical model of behavior change was used to support the data analysis. Users from all the groups claimed that they would possibly change to another travel mode. Among those who said they would change to sustainable modes (16.7% of all respondents), 27.1% stated they would rather walk, whereas 46.2% would cycle. However, 13.6% of the respondents claimed they would change to cars, which would mean an additional demand of approximately 330 parking spaces on the campus. Owning a motorized vehicle was identified as the main obstacle to adopting sustainable modes. © 2017 World Conference on Transport Research Society Ethiopia is endowed with numerous heritage resources. However, the country is not in a position to utilize such resources to ensure tourism development from which local communities can generate multi-faceted benefits. Many heritage sites in the country are exposed to serious damages and their survival is questionable. This paper aimed at conducting a preliminary study on the Gemate burial site of Dejen Wereda, Ethiopia. It utilized a qualitative research method to explore the indigenous knowledge about the Gemate burial site, its research and tourism values, and its degree of deterioration. Purposive and snowball sampling techniques were used to select key informants who have good knowledge, experience, and connection with the heritage site. Data were collected through semi-structured interviews, focused group discussion, document analysis, and personal observation. A thematic data analysis technique was used to analyze the data. The findings of this study elucidated that the Gemate burial site has a very rich and interesting history that could inspire further archaeological, tourism, and historical researches. The potential of the Gemate burial site in bridging the dispute between oral tradition and secondary sources regarding its establishment time was discussed in this study. However, as the findings of this study uncover, the sustainability of the Gemate heritage site is questionable due to human-made and natural damages. This study calls for prompt corrective measures to sustain the heritage site and tourism product development in order to use this place as a tool for sustainable tourism development. © 2019, © 2019 The Author(s). This open access article is distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) 4.0 license. This qualitative in-depth interview study investigated the experiences of Pakistani English teachers in an online community, English Companion Ning (ECN). The main purpose of the study was to investigate what ECN meant to these Pakistani teachers and how they found their professional learning experiences different in ECN from face-to-face professional development programs in Pakistan. Data were gathered from six teachers through in-depth interviews, guided tours, field notes, memos, and ECN logs. Using the grounded theory approach, this study analyzed and interpreted the data through initial, focused, and axial coding. Data analysis revealed that being free from budget, temporal, and geographical constraints, the ECN provided numerous opportunities to the Pakistani teachers for a sustained and long-term professional learning in a collaborative setting. © 2018, Association for the teaching of English as a Foreign Language in Indonesia. All rights reserved. This research aims to develop factors and indicators of sustainable tourism and to propose public policies on sustainable tourism in Thailand. Quantitative and qualitative methods were employed, and data was collected from 400 people who live in 13 model communities of Designated Areas for Sustainable Tourism Administration (Public Organisation). The data analysis was carried out by exploratory factor analysis (EFA), using a principal component analysis together with varimax with the Kaiser Normalisation rotation method. The results indicated six factors, with 99 indicators of sustainable tourism in Thailand: (1) Entrepreneur and community (28 indicators); (2) Public policy and public management (21 indicators); (3) Natural resource and environment (28 indicators); (4) Tourist (10 indicators); (5) Economic condition (7 indicators); and (6) Society and culture (5 indicators). © 2018 Texas A and M University. Using annual data for the period 1995–2012 for seven Central American and Caribbean countries, six different open-economy growth models that allow for international (eco-) tourism are estimated using panel-data techniques. Two main results of the investigation are that international tourist arrivals per capita have a highly significant impact on real GDP per capita, and also that five different sustainability indicators interacted with international tourism have a positive impact on economic development. Furthermore, quantile regression shows that lower and medium income deciles of the population in particular benefit from international (eco-) tourism. The results are complemented by very similar findings for a set of 12 Central American and Caribbean countries using only two sustainability indicators, thus corroborating the validity of the specification. In addition, control variables are also generally significant and they feature the algebraic signs expected from economic theory. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. In the current market, small and medium-sized enterprises experience a wide margin of loss due to poor control in logistical expenses, leading to acquired goods not being sold. This scenario is very common for tourism retail companies, who buy a number of travel packages from big companies and because of the lack of demand for these packages, they expire and become an expense, rather than an investment as intended. To solve this problem, we propose to detect the problems that limit a company through a reengineering of processes, and thus implement an information architecture model based on sentimental analysis that will allow tourist SMEs to make better decisions and utilize the information that most already possess. In addition, a case study was applied to a real company, showing data before and after using the proposed model in order to validate the feasibility of the model. © 2021, Academic Conferences and Publishing International Limited. All rights reserved. This manuscript discusses the innovation of tourism public service mechanism of wisdom tourism based on the neural network. The construction of intelligent scenic areas should not only pay attention to the input of the basic hardware facilities, but also from the tourist's point of view, understand the needs of tourists and tourism purposes, constantly innovate in soft services. In the world, there is seldom the wisdom tourism as the core strategy of the tourism development, but from the perspective of sustainable development, the deep participation of tourists, the deep relationship between tourists and destinations, the role of tourism in the all-round development of economy and society, etc. and for the focus of attention, to explore the wisdom tourism to the tourism industry as a whole. With the rapid development of society, people's quality of life constantly improve, people's travel demand also increasingly diversified, the traditional concept and mode of tourism management has been unable to satisfy people's travel demand. The application of big data has promoted the development of tourism to some extent, and solved the problems in tourism management. This paper aims to contribute to the debate on Open Innovation in the age of Big Data by shedding new light on the role that social networks can play as enabling platforms for tourists' involvement and sources for the creation and management of valuable knowledge assets. The huge amount of data generated on social media by tourists related to their travel experiences can be a valid source of open innovation. To achieve this aim, this paper presents evidence of a digital tourism experience, through a longitudinal case study of a destination in Apulia, a Southern European region. The findings of the study demonstrate how social Big Data could open up innovation processes that could be of support in defining sustainable tourism experiences in a destination. © 2018 by the authors. The proceedings contain 103 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Computational Science and Its Applications. The topics include: The Effectiveness of Strategies to Reduce External Costs from Commuting in Central Europe; effects of Rolling Stock Unavailability on the Implementation of Energy-Saving Policies: A Metro System Application; latent Classes Exploring the Sense of Passengers Well-Being in the Terminal: Evidence from a Peripheral Airport; some Features of Formatting the Arrival Time Distribution; basic Framework for Adjusting the Freight Train Schedule; saveMyBike – A Complete Platform to Promote Sustainable Mobility; big Data and Policy Making: Between Real Time Management and the Experimental Dimension of Policies; detection of Points of Interest from Crowdsourced Tourism Data; cycling for Home-to-School Travel in Palermo: A Method for Assessing the Optimal Allocation of New Cycling Infrastructure; Asymtotic Distribution of the Bootstrap Parameter Estimator for the AR(p) Model; a Land Use and Transport Interaction Model for the Greater Florence Metropolitan Area; Computational Methods for OCT Images Analyze Provided Within Diabetic Retinopathy; Multifractal Analysis with L2 Norm Denoising Technique: Modelling of MS Subgroups Classification; A Comparison of Two Hölder Regularity Functions to Forecast Stock Indices by ANN Algorithms; hahai: Computational Thinking in Primary Schools; An Image-Based Encoding to Record and Track Immersive VR Sessions; leveraging Reinforcement Learning Techniques for Effective Policy Adoption and Validation; impact of Time Granularity on Histories Binary Correlation Analysis; sharing Linkable Learning Objects with the Use of Metadata and a Taxonomy Assistant for Categorization; risk Analysis: A Focus on Urban Exposure Estimation. This study aims to determine the species of trees around Lake Galela. Data collection was carried out using a transect with a length of 500 m in 4 directions determined by the position of the lake as a central point. Four observation stations are divided into 24 observation plots. The distance of each 100 m plot to occupy 20 x 20 m1 Data collection includes tree species, number of individuals, frequency and extent of tree base. Data analysis is carried out with an important vegetation index. The results showed that Lake Galela found 37 tree species from 20 families. Diversity index (H∗) at 4 station in the high category, diversity indices value generally showed that species trees has a diverse population. The IVI results show that the tree species with high importance values differs from station to station, species from the four stations that have the highest importance (IVI), namely: Natural Forest area, F. variegata, Plantation area, C. nucifera, Tourisem area, M. indica and around the River area, A. pinnata. This dominant type of tree needs to be conserved because it has a function of water absorption, infiltration, shade, soil retention for sustainability ecosystem surrounding Galela Lake. © 2018 Ecological Society of India. All Rights Reserved. The urban parking spaces for loading/unloading are typically over-occupied, which shifts delivery operations to traffic lanes and pavements, increases traffic, generates noise, and causes pollution. We present a data analytics based routing optimization that improves the circulation of vehicles and utilization of parking spaces. We formalize this new problem and develop a novel multivehicle route planner that avoids congestions at loading/unloading areas and minimizes the total duration. We present the developed tool with an illustration and analysis for the urban freight in the city of Barcelona, which monitors tens of thousands of deliveries every day. Our system includes an effective evaluation of candidate routes by considering the waiting times and further delays of other deliverers as a first class citizen in the optimization. A two-layer local search is proposed with a greedy randomized adaptive method for variable neighborhood search. Our approach is applied and validated over data collected across Barcelona's urban freight transport network, which contains 3,704,034 parking activities. Our solution is shown to significantly improve the use of available parking spaces and the circulation of vehicles, as evidenced by the results. The analysis also provides useful insights on how to manage delivery routes and parking spaces for sustainable urban freight transport and city logistics. © 2018 IEEE. The proceedings contain 869 papers. The topics discussed include: the economic transformation of the world economy system; development of venture financing to ensure economic security of a country; serviceable results of five automotive companies: comparisons concerning certain originally calculated indicators; subjectivity analysis of restaurants reviews in Myanmar language; evaluation of the future development of the digital economy in Russia; digital transformation of the financial sector in Russia and the world; a conceptual framework for collaborative cloud manufacturing; can we use big data analytics to leverage tourism in rural tourism destinations?; conditions for enhancing the competitiveness of the Romanian higher education system: case study; and insurance markets of the Southeast Asian nations: current trends and opportunities for Russian insurance business. This book explores the nexus of Sustainability and Information Communication Technologies that are rapidly changing the way we live, learn, and do business. The monumental amount of energy required to power the Zeta byte of data traveling across the globe's billions of computers and mobile phones daily cannot be overstated. This ground-breaking reference examines the possibility that our evolving technologies may enable us to mitigate our global energy crisis, rather than adding to it. By connecting concepts and trends such as smart homes, big data, and the internet of things with their applications to sustainability, the authors suggest that emerging and ubiquitous technologies embedded in our daily lives may rightfully be considered as enabling solutions for our future sustainable development. © Springer International Publishing AG 2018. All rights reserved. Coastal areas are generally known as high-usage areas for residential, recreational, and tourism purposes. Coastal residents, as well as local visitors, therefore, can play an important role in protecting coastal resources. The purpose of this study was to identify important factors that could promote residents' environmentally responsible behavior (ERB). The two concepts, place attachment and attitudes toward tourism development (ATTD), were included to verify causal relationships of ERB. For data analysis, confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) and structural equation modeling (SEM) were conducted. Study results showed that place identity fully mediated the relationship between place dependence and ERB. With respect to the two dimensions of ATTD, there was a positive relationship between perceived benefits and ERB, while perceived concerns mediated this relationship. To promote ERB, the study emphasized the importance of developing place identity by providing diverse economical, socio-cultural, and recreational coastal benefits. In addition, involving those residents, who are positively and negatively impacted by tourism development, in the process of sustainable tourism development will develop more effective sustainable development strategies by reflecting local residents' opinions and preferences. © 2018 Taylor & Francis. Mangrove Forests along the coastal areas of the coastal region contributing to security and provide food as well as building material for the people of the village of mangrove forests. However, the mangrove forest has experienced over the function and suffered damage. Depletion of mangrove ecosystems is becoming a serious concern of developing countries, including Indonesia. These conditions encourage the Government of Bantul Regency to manage mangrove forests through the mangrove forest ecotourism development berbasisis community empowerment so that mangrove forests remain sustainable and able to improve the economy of the community. This is in line with the vision of Governor of Daerah Istimewa Yogyakarta (DIY) South Coast Area who makes as a DIY home page, along the coast as a green belt, tourist destinations and the development of agricultural land sand to food security. This research is a descriptive research using qualitative approach. Research methods using the techniques of observation, interview, Focus Group Discussion (FGD), and the study of the literature. The technique of sampling done by the method of purposive sampling and snowball. The data were analyzed by using interactive methods of analysis and thematic analysis. Data analysis was performed interactively with reviewing all the data, reduction, and checking the validity of the data to produce a framework of analysis that has a frame of meaning while interpreting the data to derive the conclusion. The goals of this research are: formulating models and development strategy of ecotourism community empowerment-based mangrove forests in Bantul Regency. © 2017. ASERS Publishing. All rights reserved. Malaysia has experienced a significant increase in tourist arrivals over the past 10 years. The challenge is to sustain this growth and therefore it is important to understand the factors influencing inbound tourism to Malaysia. This paper investigates the economic and non-economic determinants of international tourist flows to Malaysia using the generalized method of moment. The annual panel data set includes the number of arrivals from 33 countries during the period 2000–2012, and the number of possible explanatory variables. It is found that habit persistence (word of mouth), income, hotel room and political stability have a positive impact on tourism demand for Malaysia. Also, results indicate that the estimated coefficients of substitute tourism price in the model are negative. This implies that the five alternative destinations are complementary destinations to Malaysia. In addition, the dummy variable for Visit Malaysia Year in 2007 and severe acute respiratory syndrome in 2003 had positive and negative impacts on tourism demand for Malaysia, respectively. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Introduction National Health Service (NHS) England dental teams need to consider from a professional perspective how they can, along with their NHS colleagues, play their part in reducing their carbon emissions and improve the sustainability of the care they deliver. In order to help understand carbon emissions from dental services, Public Health England (PHE) commissioned a calculation and analysis of the carbon footprint of key dental procedures.Methods Secondary data analysis from Business Services Authority (BSA), Health and Social Care Information Centre (HSCIC) (now called NHS Digital, Information Services Division [ISD]), National Association of Specialist Dental Accountants (NASDA) and recent Scottish papers was undertaken using a process-based and environmental input-output analysis using industry established conversion factors.Results The carbon footprint of the NHS dental service is 675 kilotonnes carbon dioxide equivalents (CO2e). Examinations contributed the highest proportion to this footprint (27.1%) followed by scale and polish (13.4%) and amalgam/composite restorations (19.3%). From an emissions perspective, nearly 2/3 (64.5%) of emissions related to travel (staff and patient travel), 19% procurement (the products and services dental clinics buy) and 15.3% related to energy use.Discussion The results are estimates of carbon emissions based on a number of broad assumptions. More research, education and awareness is needed to help dentistry develop low carbon patient pathways. Nowadays tourism is one of the largest and increasingly recognized fastest growing industries globally. Tourism marketing and promotion is a core processes in the tourism industry and is one of the most important procedures of identifying the need of customers through an integrated marketing approach and by designing genuine products or services to target prospective consumers. Even though Gambella Region has an abundance of attractions and tourism products, less attention is given to tourism marketing and promotion. The study aimed at assessing the status of marketing and promotion strategies for sustainable tourism development at Gambella Peoples Nationals Regional State of Ethiopia. The study involved both desk and field research and a convenience sampling was used of tourists (n= 23). A purposive sampling method was adopted for personnel of Gambella Cultural Tourism Bureau and Gambella National Park office (n=15), Majang Zone Administration (n=19), hotels and resorts (n= 27) and NGOs (n= 5). Accordingly, this study involved (n=89) respondents from four sample categories. Collected raw data were chosen, refined, categorized, edited, evaluated, coded and entered to SPSS software version 20. Different methods of data analysis were used to investigate different marketing and promotion strategies. Descriptive statistics were computed for relevant variables and information obtained from the key informants was described in what is hopefully meaningful content. Even though, the Region has tremendous tourism potential, the findings of this study illustrates that there is weak marketing and promotion of the tourism industry in the region. Less attention is given to inter-alia, the roles of website development, information updating, linkages with tour operators, developing information centers, competition, guidebook development and product knowledge. Providing trained experts and filling a knowledge gap regarding tourism marketing and promotion, could be resolved through capacity building and tourism marketing and promotion would thus be enhanced via connecting with large tour and accommodation operators. Such measures would help in driving tourism sustainability in the region. © 2018 AJHTL. The smart grid revolution is still rather a new comer into the current era, which explains the lack of software programs that support and simulate the smart grid principles. However, to address the challenges of the existing power grid, the new concept of Smart Grid (SG) has emerged. The SG combines electrical grids and communication infrastructures to form an intelligent electricity network working with all connected components to deliver sustainable electricity supplies. However, this paper discusses how the data travel from homes via smart meters to the utility through different communication mediums. The system comprises PLC as the mediator connecting smart meters to a central concentration point using RF signals. The readings are then retransmitted through free space and are received at the utility for further data analysis. Furthermore, the paper presents the implementation of a smart grid management system using MATLAB programming language, which demonstrates the transition of smart metering data from homes to the utility and illustrates the utility control over the user's consumption. Thus, The system serves as a guiding tool towards developing and testing a smarter grid. © 2017 IEEE. Tourism has emerged as a major industry worldwide and a sector in many countries. This sector has experienced a rapid growth and has become a key driver for sustainable socioeconomic developments globally. However, tourism is also a vector of environmental degradation through the emission of greenhouse gases (GHG). Therefore, the aim of this study was to analyze the main factors that are affecting the tourism demand in ASEAN-5 countries. Using a panel of five ASEAN countries over a 44-year period and applying the Pooled Mean Group (PMG) approach, the empirical results have shown that the major determinants of tourism demand in these countries are income, trade, tourism price, and carbon dioxide emission. The results have also shown that the PMG performed better than the Mean Group (MG) estimator. This paper refers to the PMG estimator because it constrains the long run coefficients to be identical, but allows the short run coefficients and error variances to differ across groups. Income and trade appeared to exert significant positive impacts on tourism demand, whereas tourism price and carbon dioxide emissions have negative impacts on tourism demand in these ASEAN-5 countries. The results would be a good reference for policy makers in these specific countries. © 2018 by the authors; licensee Growing Science, Canada. Volunteer tourism ('voluntourism') packages development and poverty as culturally exotic and ethical experiences for tourists from industrialized countries. Among the various sectors promoting voluntourism, university sector short term study abroad tours network voluntourism agencies, local actors (e.g., NGOs), universities, and government funding to offer students 'life changing' community sustainable development experiences. Alongside the purported benefits for all stakeholders, recent criticism points to the commodification of development and poverty through such tours and multiple pernicious effects of such travel, especially the failure to deliver community impact. Given the significant financial, political, and other interests involved, monitoring and evaluating such initiatives against transparent independent sustainability principles has proved complicated. Case studies employing ethical covert research, fieldwork, and secondary data analysis offer one approach. This case study of a purported sustainable housing project in rural Maharashtra, involving a bilateral university-government-local NGO voluntourism ecosystem lead by an Australian Green NGO (AGC) analyses the multiple gaps between participatory community sustainable development and voluntourism. This case study employs content analysis of project reports, visual data from a field visit, recent village documentary analysis, anonymized email communication, and secondary analysis of contextual data to evaluate the claims of participatory sustainable development and project outcomes of a bilateral NGO voluntourism housing project. The study findings signal lack of financial transparency, incompetent assessment of material needs, limited local participation and control, and failure to deliver on objectives. The conclusion recommends that socially responsible short-term international exchanges should be carefully monitored and exchanges should prefer knowledge exchange. © 2018 by the authors. Computational Social Science (CSS) has become a mainstream approach in the empirical study of policy analytics issues in various domains of e-commerce research. This article is intended to represent recent advances that have been made for the discovery of new policy-related insights in business, consumer and social settings. The approach discussed is fusion analytics, which combines machine-based methods from Computer Science (CS) and explanatory empiricism involving advanced Econometrics and Statistics. It explores several efforts to conduct research inquiry in different functional areas of Electronic Commerce and Information Systems (IS), with applications that represent different functional areas of business, as well as individual consumer, social and public issues. Recent developments and shifts in the scientific study of technology-related phenomena and Social Science issues in the presence of historically-large datasets prompt new forms of research inquiry. They include blended approaches to research methodology, and more interest in the production of research results that have direct application to industry contexts. This article showcases the methods shifts and several contemporary applications. They discuss: (1) feedback effects in mobile phone-based stock trading; (2) sustainability of top-rank chart popularity of music tracks; (3) household TV viewing patterns; and (4) household sampling and purchases of video-on-demand (VoD) services. The range of applicability of the ideas goes beyond the scope of these illustrations, to include issues in public services, healthcare, product and service deployment, public opinion and elections, electronic auctions, and travel and tourism services. In fact, the coverage is as broad as for-profit and for-non-profit, private and public, and governmental and non-governmental institutions. © 2017 Background: Community-based intervention studies that aim at developing cooking skills have increased in the scientific literature and are related to healthier food practices. However, methodological limitations are observed and only a few studies have university students as the target. The university entrance period has been related to negative changes in eating habits among young people and it represents an important period for developing interventions for health promotion. This study describes the study protocol and the evaluation framework for the Nutrition and Culinary in the Kitchen program. This program aims to develop cooking skills in university students, and is based on the Cooking with a Chef program in the United States. Methods: This ongoing, randomized controlled intervention was designed with a six month follow-up study. The intervention consisted of three-hour weekly classes during a six week period with printed materials provided. Five of the classes were hands-on cooking and one was a tour to a popular food market. There were eight primary outcome measures: changes in relation to i) accessibility and availability of fruits and vegetables; ii) cooking attitudes; iii) cooking behaviors at home; iv) cooking behaviors away from home; v) produce consumption self-efficacy; vi) self-efficacy for using basic cooking techniques; vii) self-efficacy for using fruits, vegetables, and seasonings (while cooking); and viii) knowledge of cooking terms and techniques. Secondary outcomes included changes in body mass index and in personal characteristics related to cooking. Repeated measures were collected through the application of an online self-completed survey, at baseline, after intervention and six months after intervention. A sample of 80 university students (40: intervention group; 40: control group) was estimated to detect a mean change of 1.5 points in cooking knowledge, with study power of 80%, and 95% level of confidence, plus 20% for random losses and 10% for confounding factors. The control group participants have continued with their usual activities. Data analyses will evaluate the intervention effect on changes in outcomes within and between groups, as well as explore relations with personal characteristics. Discussion: This method provides new evidence about whether or not a culinary intervention targeting university students has an impact on the improvement of cooking skills and healthy eating practices. Trial registration: Brazilian Clinical Trials Registry - RBR-8nwxh5 (http://www.ensaiosclinicos.gov.br/rg/RBR-8nwxh5/) © 2017 The Author(s). Big data applications in transportation and logistics are much discussed before the background of mainly economic improvement potential. For the area of road cargo transportation, this contribution is discussing the use of geospatial data in truck routing especially in the context of autonomous driving and social sustainability concepts. Fleet management and cruise control systems have been established during the last decade in road transportation. However, the stationary vehicle routing before the actual travelled tour is subject only to planning and optimization based on a quite low level of information. For example, geospatial data regarding topography as well as speed limitations and trajectory as well as street elevation and bend characteristics are currently not used but have significant impact on truck speed, fuel consumption and driver workload. Therefore, a conceptual outline as well as a quantitative test simulation for applying geospatial big data in ex ante vehicle routing is provided. This does encompass obvious advantages in economic (reduced transport cost), environmental (reduced transport emissions) as well as social dimensions (reduced driver workload and working time). Further inquiries shall address detailed question as to how geospatial big data could be integrated into the daily routine and processes of vehicle routing in road transportation. © Springer International Publishing AG 2018. Education plays a central role in shaping individual and social change toward sustainability. Sustainable tourism education provided by the higher education institutions which offer education at the undergraduate level has an important role in training candidate managers and meeting the need for qualified labor in the tourism sector in terms of sustainable tourism. The purpose of this study is to examine the relationship among expectation, perception, and satisfaction of the undergraduate students receiving tourism education at the tertiary level. It is also aimed to reveal the mediating role of perception between expectation and satisfaction. One of the quantitative methods used in the research process was the causative and correlational model. A total of 675 students participated in this survey conducted at the Tourism Faculty of Akdeniz University. To collect data, expectation of tourism education, perception of tourism education, and satisfaction of academic education scales were used. In the data analysis, parametric tests, t-test, ANOVA, correlation, and regression analyses were applied. In this study, it was revealed that 675 students receiving tourism education at the undergraduate level came to school with moderate-level expectations, their perceptions fulfilled their expectations with the experience they had, and their satisfaction levels that emerged as a result of their perceptions were at a moderate level as well. As a result of the t-test performed, it was put forward that there was no difference in their level of satisfaction based on the gender variable; however, a significant difference was determined based on the high school type from which a subject graduated, the current department, class, and age variables. As a result of the correlation analysis, a positive relation was identified between the expectation, perception, and satisfaction variables. The multiple regression analysis indicated that expectation positively affected perception and satisfaction; therewithal, perception affected satisfaction and its sub-dimensions positively. It was also found that the perception had a partial mediating role between expectation and satisfaction in education. © 2018 by the authors. This chapter outlines the nexus between tourism innovation and sustainable development goals. It advocates building strong links between science and tourism through increased use of disaggregated data at national and destination levels for understanding and highlighting the specific contributions that tourism and hospitality make towards economic growth, employment and other sustainable development indicators. New research methodologies such as big data analytics, citizen science and cultural ecosystem services allow improved access to and collection of data and better analyses of the complex interactions between economic, environmental and social dimensions of sustainable development at the destination level. Three cases chosen from UNESCO designated World Heritage sites and biosphere reserves are briefly described to illustrate opportunities for tourism and hospitality to collaborate with other economic development sectors and to strive for the attainment of destination-specific mix of SDGs. An international collaborative research program on tourism and sustainable development will be timely and three lines of inquiry that such a program of could pursue are recommended. © Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature 2019. As cities become increasingly complex, Information and Communication Technologies (ICTs) bring smartness into organisations and communities, contributing to a more competitive tourism destination, i.e., smart tourism destinations. Enhanced information access coupled with a new kind of tourists avid for online content and predisposed to share information on social media, allows for a better understanding of tourist behaviour regarding their spatial distribution in urban destinations. Thus, smart tourism portrays individuals as information makers, refining the available alternatives for tracking their location. Big data analytics is a technology with the potential to develop Smart City services. From the analysis of the spatial distribution of tourists in the city of Lisbon based on data collected from the 'Panoramio' social network, we identify the most popular places in the city in a context of tourist visits. This new data largely contributes to understanding the consumption of space within urban tourist destinations and therefore enables us to differentiate the overcrowded places from the ones with potential to grow. This allows decision-makers to imagine new ways of planning and managing towards a sustainable 'smart' future. © 2017 by the authors. The present paper aims at analysing the concept of "urban interchanges" as a solution towards seamless transportation and sustainable mobility. Based on an extensive review of policies, initiatives and data analysis coming from interviews and meetings with stakeholders, a coherent interchange design typology was formulated that links seamless transport and urban interchanges to spatial and urban planning. Focusing on the impact of user satisfaction as a priority towards user travel choices, a list of indicators was valuated. The comparative analysis of interchange typology performance formulated by the users' perception regarding network accessibility, surrounding area, offered interchange time facilities and environmentally friendly services and infrastructure revealed fruitful findings on proper interchange design towards sustainability and reformation of the city-hubs into true green urban interchanges. © 2018 De Gruyter Open Ltd. All rights reserved. This paper analyzes the investment in environmental management practices (EMPs) adopted by hotels within a community destination. The aim is twofold: (a) to understand whether hotels have changed their EMPs in the last ten years and, if so, how; (b) to analyze the link between hotels' environmental commitment and propensity of collaboration among local stakeholders. The research, carried out in 2015, involved all the hotels (N = 1.514) of Trentino, a community destination in the Italian Alps, through a CAWI survey (redemption rate 88.9%). The data analysis followed two steps: (1) frequency analysis to identify the EMPs adopted by hotels and to compare the data with the survey conducted in 2005; (2) multiple correspondence analysis and hierarchical ascendant cluster analysis to identify hotel profiles with different levels of environmental commitment. The results revealed new and original aspects of the propensities of hotels to invest in EMPs and identified three different environmental hotel profiles: not eco-friendly, proactive, and reactive. Proactive and reactive hotels have a greater propensity to invest in EMPs and to collaborate with the Destination Management Organisation and with other hotels. The research contributes to the scientific debate on EMP adoption and the extent to which stakeholder power and pressure influence the environmental sustainability strategies of hotels. © 2018 by the authors. This research aims to identified: (1) the potential location for developed to woodland tourism, (2) obstacles development woodland tourism, (3) direction development of green belts to woodland tourism in support the development of the ecotourism at Serbaguna Wonogiri Dams. The data were collected by field observation and analysis laboratory then matching between the land's quality on the condition growing plants in accordance with their condition land to determine plant will cultivated and benefits for conservation reservoir. Data analysis are using descriptive qualitative. The results of the research shows that: (1) there are 6 classes of potential location which are able to be developed as woodland tourism, (2) obstacles found is the lack of public participation in change agricultural land rent to woodland, the majority of green belt in western many have become settlement, accessibility is bad, (3) directions development are educate the community about the importance of sustainability green belts against reservoirs and increase accessibility. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. In the last few years, the smart city concept resulted in the development and deployment of platforms for providing innovative services to improve sustainability and the living standards. These platforms integrate data collected from devices and citizen-generated data and thereafter employ big data analytics to create insights from the data. These platform enable the creation of context-aware Intelligent traffic management systems (ITMS), however the involvement of various actors at different stages hampers development. In this paper, we propose a framework to support sustainable traffic management system for providing better commute, safety and security during travel based on real-time information. The framework should help to integrate the activities performed by the various actors. The main key elements of this framework are Datasets, Traffic Management Analytics, Actors and Actions which are taken by these users. The framework helps to create an overall overview of the activities needed. In this way it can be used to improve the quality of the traffic flow, increase efficient use of resources, smooth and safe commute of the citizens. © 2018 IW3C2 (International World Wide Web Conference Committee), published under Creative Commons CC BY 4.0 License. Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITSs) can be applied to inform and incentivize travellers to help them make cognizant choices concerning their trip routes and transport modality use for their daily travel whilst achieving more sustainable societal and transport authority goals. However, in practice, it is challenging for an ITS to enable incentive generation that is context-driven and personalized, whilst supporting multi-dimensional travel goals. This is because an ITS has to address the situation where different travellers have different travel preferences and constraints for route and modality, in the face of dynamically-varying traffic conditions. Furthermore, personalized incentive generation also needs to dynamically achieve different travel goals from multiple travellers, in the face of their conducts being a mix of both competitive and cooperative behaviours. To address this challenge, a Rule-based Incentive Framework (RIF) is proposed in this paper that utilizes both decision tree and evolutionary game theory to process travel information and intelligently generate personalized incentives for travellers. The travel information processed includes travellers’ mobile patterns, travellers’ modality preferences and route traffic volume information. A series of MATLAB simulations of RIF was undertaken to validate RIF to show that it is potentially an effective way to incentivize travellers to change travel routes and modalities as an essential smart city service. © 2017 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. The purpose of this study is to know; 1) the learning result of the students of Islamic religion lessons in Indonesia in the implementation of Team Game Tournament (TGT), 2) the learning result of the students of Islamic religion lesson in Thailand in the implementation of Team Game Tournament (TGT), and 3) the difference of students in Indonesia and Thailand in the implementation of Team Game Tournament (TGT). This research uses an experimental method with post-test group design. The research was conducted in Indonesia and Thailand. The sample of research in Indonesia is the students of Senior High School 01 Kendari, Southeast Sulawesi province while research sample in Thailand is the student of Khamphee Witaya School of South Thailand Province. The research instrument is a valid and reliable post-test. The test material is faith in the angel of Allah. Data analysis techniques used descriptive and inferential statistical analysis. Inferential analysis using three tests is; Normality test using Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test, homogeneity test using Levine Test, and hypothesis test using t-test at 5% significance level by comparing significance probability value (ρ) with significance level (a) = 0,05 using SPSS-20. The results of this study are: 1) the learning outcomes of the students of Islamic religion in Indonesia by using Team Game Tournament (TGT) is very good with an average score of 90.31, 2) the learning outcomes of Islamic religious lessons in Thailand using Team Game Tournament (TGT ) are is good with an average score of 83.12, and 3) there are differences in student learning outcomes in Islamic religious lessons in Indonesia and Thailand using Team Game Tournament (TGT), the difference is the result of learning in Indonesia is higher than the results of study in Thailand. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. Sustainable Tourism integrates governance, economic, socio-cultural and environmental dimensions of tourism in tourism development and management. Growing Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) concerns suggest that, traditionally, tourism tends to corrupt the very resources it needs to thrive, and thus its sustainability over the long haul has become of general concern. However, despite the vast and extensive literature dedicated to this field, the concept of sustainability in tourism remains somehow at its embryonic stage, especially in the case of a small island developing state (SIDS). With tourism being one of the pillars of the Mauritian economy, this paper explored its different sustainability implications and impacts with the use of different frameworks: the United Nations World Tourism Organisation's framework and the Global Sustainable Tourism Council's guidelines. The research sketches a portrait of the current tourism practices in Mauritius and suggests sustainable tourism opportunities for the Mauritian tourism sector. Given the qualitative and narrative nature of this research, a scoring method system was used to enable data analysis. Findings from this research overall concluded that despite the increased importance of sustainable tourism, the need for managed tourism and the formulation of general principles and guidelines, tourism governance; poverty reduction; and the sustainability of the natural and cultural environment were identified as areas of particular need and should be considered with high priority for intervention/action. To improve the competitiveness of this tourism destination on its road to sustainability, the management mechanism and governance system should be reviewed, the responsibility of tourism as a contributor to poverty alleviation and social inclusion should be considered, and finally, the carrying capacity of the destination as it relates to the sustainability of the social, natural and cultural environment should be recognised as intrinsic components of the, so to speak, goose that so far has laid the golden egg. © 2021, Academic Conferences and Publishing International Limited. All rights reserved. The rapid increase of modern wireless technology opens the door for several new applications using the Internet of Things (IoT) technology. In an educational environment, students depend on the transit bus system for their daily routine and there is a high demand of people to be served by buses around university campuses in the United States of America. Often times, the members of university communities find themselves waiting for a significant amount of time for a bus to arrive at the bus station. Universities have numerous bus stops as well as routes on which riders can use for travel. Several of these bus stops are covered by WiFi capabilities, and usually students are checking their smart phones while waiting for bus arrival. In order to monitor the quality of transit buses and passengers' services, we design, develop, and demonstrate a low cost IoT system that detects the majority of the riders on the bus system at each station. In this paper, the IoT devices collect, analyze and archive transit and passenger data (e.g., waiting times) to Cloud Storage from each bus station. The goal is to improve the passenger's experience by refining the current infrastructure in place, focusing on better planning and increasing bus ridership through better scheduling. By collecting such data (e.g., waiting times), the performance of the bus system can be further analyzed and suggest changes to a route in order to achieve a more efficient and sustainable urban transportation system. © 2017 IEEE. Despite many studies and surveys on environmental friendly hotels, not many have applied the logistic regression analysis research technique. This study is a quantitative study applying this technique. It aims to explore key effect factors in tourists’ decisions to stay at environmental friendly hotels. This study should be useful for planning and policy– making in the hotel and accommodation marketing business to promote sustainable tourism. This study collected data from 400 tourists of various nationalities. They were selected through the purposive sampling method. Logistic regression was applied to the data analysis. The study found that certain variables (the overall attitude of tourists; those aged 30 and older; those with an educational level of graduate school and higher; reasons for traveling; especially from Europe and North America; and travel with families) affect the tourists in deciding to stay at the environmental friendly hotels. The results of this paper would be a managerial implication for hotel authorities around the world. © 2018, Czestochowa University of Technology. All rights reserved. This research aimed to explore the values of local wisdom in the Tumpek Uduh Ceremony, as an educational medium in the preservation of the natural environment in Canggu Village, Kuta Utara District, Badung Regency, Bali, Indonesia. Tumpek Uduh, also known as Tumpek Pengatag or Tumpek Wariga, is one of the Hindu holidays aiming to carry out ritual ceremonies asking for fertility in Canggu, Kuta, Bali. Commonly, advanced and modern societies will think more critically, effectively and efficiently. It is different from what the people do in Canggu Village, Kuta, Bali. Even though they have developed and are modern, and live in the area of tourism. However, they continue to celebrate Tumpek Uduh to invoke fertility until now. The questions are: (1) How is the form of the Tumpek Uduh Ceremony in Canggu, Kuta, Bali?; (2) What are the functions of the ceremony at Canggu, Kuta, Bali?, and (3) what are the implications for the people in Canggu, Kuta, Bali in this global era? This study applied a qualitative method. The data collection was carried out by observation, document studies and interviews with related parties. The data analysis was conducted in a qualitative descriptive way using several theories in an eclectic way, i.e. religious theory, structural functional theory and Abaham Maslow’s basic needs theory. The findings showed that the people in Canggu Village, Kuta, Bali celebrated Tumpek Uduh in the form of a ritual ceremony for the birth of plants. They patted and applied marrow porridge to the trees so that they produce a lot of fruit. It can be seen from the educational material about Tumpek Uduh which is packaged in the form of brochures, posters, leaflets, pamphlets and audio visuals. Until now, the people of Canggu, Kuta, Bali continue to celebrate Tumpek Uduh because it has implications for the growth of attitudes and adaptive behavior towards nature, behavioral growth to protect the environment and the growth of behavior for environmental conservation as an effort to preserve sustainable tourism in Bali. © Rushing Water Publishers Ltd. 2019. Policymakers pay much attention to effectively increasing frequency of people’s cycling in the context of developing sustainable and green cities. Investigating associations of environmental characteristics and cycling behaviour could offer implications for changing urban infrastructure aiming at encouraging active travel. However, earlier examinations of associations between environmental characteristics and active travel behaviour are limited by low spatial granularity and coverage of traditional data. Crowdsourced geographic information offers an opportunity to determine the fine-grained travel patterns of people. Particularly, Strava Metro data offer a good opportunity for studies of recreational cycling behaviour as they can offer hourly, daily or annual cycling volumes with different purposes (commuting or recreational) in each street across a city. Therefore, in this study, we utilised Strava Metro data for investigating associations between environmental characteristics and recreational cycling behaviour at a large spatial scale (street level). In this study, we took account of population density, employment density, road length, road connectivity, proximity to public transit services, land use mix, proximity to green space, volume of motor vehicles and traffic accidents in an empirical investigation over Glasgow. Empirical results reveal that Strava cyclists are more likely to cycle for recreation on streets with short length, large connectivity or low volume of motor vehicles or on streets surrounded by residential land. © 2017 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. Urban traffic passenger flows prediction is practically important to facilitate many real applications including transportation management and public safety. Sustained and rapid economic growth requires an orderly organization, and planning is an indispensable part of an orderly organization process. The reduction in travel efficiency due to traffic congestion, as well as energy and various pollution issues from the transportation sector, have become the bottleneck for the further development of the city and are the most troublesome topic for governments in all countries. Recently, deep learning performs the excellent ability to extract high dimensional spatial-temporal characters in regression and classification tasks. In this paper, we propose a deep learning model based on CNN and RNN, which takes matrixed traffic as input, uses CNN to extract traffic characteristics, and uses RNN to predict the evolution of features to achieve traffic flow prediction. Instead of traditional rnn models, we design a new type of RNN structure unit that can process time data in multiple time dimensions at the same time. Using a network-like RNN model, the evolution of traffic flow in different time dimensions is fully considered, and the interaction between different time dimensions is taken into account to predict the traffic flow of the target time series.The prediction of each data in the sequence has real data as input instead of merely taking the output of the previous moment as the input of the next moment.Experiments show that our model can significantly improve the prediction accuracy for real traffic passenger flow datasets. © 2018 IEEE. Traditional Chinese garden is the most significant landscape and tourism resources with high historical value and aesthetic meaning. The sustainable development of tourism resources has homogenized more and more traditional garden resorts where many tourists are attracted to visit at a higher frequency. As a result, it is inevitable for some tourists to generate aesthetic fatigue for these landscapes. This paper launches three rounds of indoor and outdoor tests separately on the four Chinese traditional garden such as Humble Administrator's Garden, the Lingering Garden, the Surging Wave Pavilion and the Lion Grove Garden with electroencephalogram (EEG) technology in attempt to analyze subjective scores of subjects and EEG data. The results reveal some phenomena as landscape playbacks and visits increase: the mean value of EEG attentions declines gradually; the attractiveness of garden photographs to subjects gradually weakens; the novelty, scene abundance, color sensitivity and overall harmonization of four gardens are rated badly, all of which significantly show a phenomenon of aesthetic fatigue. When analyzing the factors affecting the visitors' aesthetic fatigue, we found that the mean value of EEG attentions has a significantly positive correlation with landscape novelty, scene abundance, color sensitivity and overall harmonization when sig <0.05. © 2018, Anka Publishers. All rights reserved. The primary objective of the study is to examine the impact of perceived responsible tourism on perceived quality of life of communities in tourist destinations and to analyze the mediating role of perceived destination sustainability. A questionnaire-based survey conducted to collect responses from a sample of 432 residents from 3 different tourism destinations in India. From the data analysis, it was found that as the residents of the local community, perceived responsible tourism plays a pivotal role in the formulation of perceived destination sustainability, which in turn impacts their perceived quality of life. Thus, the study findings offer implications for the successful management of tourism businesses as well as the community sustainability and their well-being. © 2016 The Authors Purpose of Review: This paper reviews the use of conceptual frameworks in research on active travel, such as walking and cycling. Generic framework features and a wide range of contents are identified and synthesized into a comprehensive framework of active travel behavior, as part of the Physical Activity through Sustainable Transport Approaches project (PASTA). PASTA is a European multinational, interdisciplinary research project on active travel and health. Recent Findings: Along with an exponential growth in active travel research, a growing number of conceptual frameworks has been published since the early 2000s. Earlier frameworks are simpler and emphasize the distinction of environmental vs. individual factors, while more recently several studies have integrated travel behavior theories more thoroughly. Summary: Based on the reviewed frameworks and various behavioral theories, we propose the comprehensive PASTA conceptual framework of active travel behavior. We discuss how it can guide future research, such as data collection, data analysis, and modeling of active travel behavior, and present some examples from the PASTA project. © 2017, The Author(s). With the rising emergence of big data, new technology, and on-demand information, smart cities are becoming the new age of tomorrow's infrastructure. To date in the United States, there are at least four million road miles traversing neighborhoods, cities, and communities. Roads are typically a city's largest infrastructure and have become more of a liability than an asset due to degrading road quality [1]. Smart Road technology of Dynamic Road Markings will be explored in this proposal to revolutionize these roads by creating an on-demand system adjusting lanes to any vehicle, bike, or pedestrian traffic. This technology could improve mobility, sustainability, safety, and accessibility while transforming cities for the next generation and beyond. © 2018 IEEE. The proceedings contain 25 papers. The topics discussed include: adaptively self-driving tracking algorithm based on particle filter; research on unstructured road detection algorithm based on improved morphological operations; license plate character recognition method based on combination feature and BP network; unstructured road detection based on contour selection; location based social media data analysis for observing check-in behavior and city rhythm in Shanghai; research on parallel frequent pattern mining based on ontology and rules; modeling the dynamic social relations of citizens based on daily GPS data; vision based autonomous vehicle for smart transportation system; quantity forecast of administrative items based on parallel random forest; GPS data cleaning and analysis based on YouSense mobile application; a comparative study on large-size video indexing; 3D model progressive compression algorithm using attributes; UAV image matching based on surf feature and Harris corner algorithm; a new approach for tracking human body movements by Kinect sensor; a memory-lite time synchronization protocol for wireless sensor networks; small-sized loudspeaker equalization based SVD-Krylov model reduction and virtual bass enhancement; optimal secret sharing for secure wireless communications in the era of internet of things; and urban tourism research based on the social media check-in data. This regional spotlight demonstrates how tourism can be used to promote smart regional growth. Specifically, the study focuses on Apulia, a region of Italy that is attempting to achieve intelligent, sustainable, and inclusive growth through the use of a smart specialization strategy. Smart specialization is a strategy for supporting the socio-economic development of the European Union, based on identifying regional vocational areas and industries, and promoting place-based entrepreneurial development there. The relevance of tourism for smart specialization is confirmed by the dynamics that are currently reconfiguring the sector into a regionally-integrated and knowledge-intensive industry. This regional spotlight therefore aims to highlight the implications and strategic actions for the marketing and management of Apulia as a smart destination by demonstrating how its vocational identity as a regional tourism destination can be suitable as a means of promoting structural development and broader socio-economic wellbeing. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd Sustainable urban mobility is one of the top priorities in European Union and worldwide, as there is an intense tendency of population density increase in urban areas, which results in traffic, economic, environmental and societal impacts. To allocate smart solutions and address successfully urban mobility, communities need to build awareness and knowledge on the demand for people’s mobility and goods transportation, as well as to develop appropriate tools to manage and assess transportation system performance. The above, raise the necessity of data availability. In the era of rapid technological development and endless production of data, electronic devices, including smartphones, personal computers, autonomous vehicles, GPS (Global Positioning System), SDR (Software-defined radio) devices and Bluetooth, have become sources of big data. Urban mobility is a sector that could benefit from using big data by understanding, analyzing and processing data to manage traffic, predict demand, affect travelers’ choices and assess level of service. The purpose of this paper is to identify and review available open big data sources, big data tools and transport related applications in European and international transport platforms. Collected information is used to formulate a roadmap of available and open big data sources, open big data processing tools and applications which aim at improving urban mobility. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019. This study aimed to identify the supply chain management (SCM) characteristics of Pomelo production process in Nakornchaisri and create a supply chain management (SCM) model of Pomelo production process in Nakornchaisri. In addition, it further sought to promote the use of a supply chain management (SCM) model in the practice of supply chain management (SCM) of Pomelo production process in Nakornchaisri and promote sustainable tourism in the process. The sample that was used comprised 609 farmers who cultivate Pomelo in Nakhon Chaisri. The study was conducted using a mixed methodology with the data analysis, calculation of percentage, mean, standard deviation, principal component analysis and also varimax rotation. The quantitative research ascertained that the SCM model of Pomelo production process was appropriate to the size of the farmers' land and in line with sustainable usage which could provide am agritourism tour experience for global visitors. This would thus promote the Pomelo SCM model by enhanced community participation, which would help contribute to the problem solving and resource mobilization in the area. The results of this research are an important way to make business grow in Nakhon Chaisri and promote tourism as well as success in self-reliance. It is also a way for farmers to develop in accordance with the circumstances of the external environment of business competition. The supply chain management (SCM) model of Pomelo with the use of information technology in the process, can also aid tourism ventures. This study resulted in the development of a Pomelo supply chain management (SCM) model. © 2018 AJHTL. Bike sharing has been shown to have a significant impact on the sharing rates of other transport modes. To determine the influence of bike sharing on the existing transportation system, this paper focuses on residents' transport mode choices in Nanjing, China. First, the relevant data about residents' mode choice is collected from revealed preference (RP) and stated preference (SP) surveys. Second, a multinomial logit (MNL) model is established to analyze the modal split. Third, data analysis and statistical software, SPSS, is used to calibrate the model parameters and test the goodness of fit. Finally, the MNL model is used to predict residents' transport mode choices. The results show that the model can accurately reflect the residents' travel choice behaviors, thus, providing important guidance for investment policies and for promoting a sustainable multi-modal transportation system. © 2018 American Society of Civil Engineers. Currently, Train passanger safety measures are more predominantly measurable using negative dimensions in user mode behavior, such as accident rate, accident intensity and accident impact. This condition suggests that safety improvements aim only to reduce accidents. Therefore, this study aims to measure the safety level of light train transit modes (KRL) through the dimensions of traveling safety on commuters based on positive safety indicators with severel condition departure times and returns for work purposes and long trip rates above KRL. The primary survey were used in data collection methods. Structural Equation Modeling (SEM) were used in data analysis. The results show that there are different models of the safety level of departure and return journey. The highest difference is in the security dimension which is the internal variable of KRL users. © 2018 Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. Rural tourism in Spain has developed intensively in recent years and although this branch of tourism is now well established, it still faces some challenges that causal marketing research can address. Tourism destinations now must operate in extremely competitive markets, forcing destination managers to seek out innovative strategies and sustainable competitive advantage, including cultivating tourist loyalty. This paper focuses on developing a better understanding of how destination loyalty is generated in rural tourism by identifying factors that contribute to this loyalty. The paper first examines previous theoretical analyses of the importance of loyalty as a sustainable competitive advantage and the capacity of rural tourism destinations to generate tourist loyalty. It then presents a structural model that includes the main antecedents of destination loyalty that are applicable to Spanish rural tourism. Based on a sample of 464 rural tourists and data analysis using the partial least squares technique, the results indicate that image, quality and destination attribute satisfaction are the direct antecedents of rural tourism destination loyalty. The findings also show that these are indirect precursors of loyalty through overall satisfaction. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd The effect of crowding on tourist satisfaction is a widely studied aspect. Its knowledge is valuable not only to guide ordering of tourism activity but also to ensure a satisfactory experience that contributes to its economic sustainability. However, studies of this type are scarce in the context of whale watching tourism. Therefore, this research aims to evaluate tourist satisfaction and crowding in the practice of humpback whale - watching in Puerto López - Ecuador. At the methodological level, a survey was applied to 340 tourists who observed whales in the June-September 2017 season. Data analysis was based on descriptive record, the structuring of an importance-performance analysis matrix, principal components analysis and binary logistic regression model. Unlike others, this research incorporated the calculation of a perceived crowding threshold and the analysis of the relationship between perceived crowding of boats and people on board. Among main results, the study finds that crowding influences tourist satisfaction when four or more boats coincide at a sighting site. In that sense, the activity in Puerto López is satisfactory in the face of a reported crowding scenario of 3.7 boats and 16.3 people per boat, on average. The limitations of this study are its exploratory nature because it is based on a non-probabilistic sampling and the questionnaire application exclusively in standard capacity boats, without considering those of 35 passengers. © 2019, Institute of Applied Business Economics. Urban and national road networks in many countries are severely congested, resulting in increased travel times and number of stops, unexpected delays, greater travel costs, inconvenience to drivers and passengers, increased air pollution and noise level and number of traffic accidents. Expanding traffic network capacities by building more roads is extremely costly as well as environmentally damaging. More efficient usage of the existing network is vital in order to sustain the growing travel demand. Congestion pricing has been advocated by transport economists and traffic planners for a long time as an efficient means to reduce road congestion, however such practices have not been widely adopted. Portugal has a good and underused toll highway network that is close to congested free urban/national road networks. Portuguese drivers choose to use free roads disregarding safety, travel time and other aspects, basing their decision only toll prices. Therefore, urban/national road network has been suffering from a more intensive use than it was projected for, increasing maintenance costs and reducing safety and comfort for users. The main objective of the application scenario presented is to transfer traffic from urban / national roads to highways, through the adoption of congestion pricing technologies. To this end, innovative Big Data processing and mining as well as optimization techniques need to be developed and applied so as to support real-time decision-making capabilities for congestion pricing. This paper presents an ETL (extract, transform and load) architecture for intelligent transportation systems, addressing an application scenario on dynamic toll charging for highways, supported by a novel Web User Interface. © 2017 IEEE. In recent years, as information technologies have been widely adopted, more countries have focused attention on the intelligentization of cities. In 2012, the United Nations listed "Smart City" as one of the progress indicators of a country. The original development of smart cities emphasized technology-based demands, but gradually promoted people-oriented needs, especially on issues related to living and environment, such as public safety, transportation, environmental sustainability and health care. The most important concern is to provide effective solutions to local problems. Spatial information has become wider and more diversified with the rapid development of high technologies, such as ICT, IoT and big data applications. It plays an important role in the planning of smart cities and smart homeland. Municipal governance such as traffic control, environment monitoring, disaster prevention information is based on geographic information system (GIS). The resources, information and data of cities can be spatially visualized. The spatially visualized information are not only texts and data, but integrated, coherent and spatially effective information which can identify and explore correlation and development trends in urban information. In view of this, the government uses smart homeland as the core to explain development and planning of smart city and smart village, and in consideration of the unique geographical characteristics of Taiwan and the importance of spatial resources management and strategy, promotes development of spatial information technologies and application of the technologies to smart homeland. On the basis of smart homeland concept, this study discusses key points of promotional strategies and action plans of the cities in Taiwan, and from the perspective of spatial information, explores and analyzes how to integrate spatial information technologies into urban governance, disaster prevention traffic and tourism under Taiwan's strategies for smart homeland information development. It can help the county and city governments to propose the smart city development strategies, improve government governance, promote regional economic growth, satisfy people's demands and promote the sustainable development of smart cities. © 2017 Pacific Neighborhood Consortium (PNC). The aim of the development tourism is a new phenomenon in the economic country growth. Tourism sustainability able to promote the economy and local-society welfare. The purpose of this study is to develop the model of perceived sustainability, destination image, visit experience, perceived value and tourist satisfaction in marketing tourism perspective. The questionnaire is distributed to the tourist who makes a visit to Bromo mountain. There are 197 people is obtained by the convenience sampling method, then the data analyzed using smart pls. The empirical result by the PLS-SEM shows that the perceived sustainability and destination image has an impact on tourist satisfaction. But, unable to influence the perceived value. For further, perceived value and visit experience influence the tourist satisfaction. © IEOM Society International. The nineteenth CPC (Communist Party of China) National Congress report pointed out that we should adhere to the harmonious coexistence of man and nature, and accelerate the implementation of the strategy of rural revitalization. Liaoning adheres to government guidance, and takes the protection of the traditional village culture and innovation development of the tourism industry as the focus of reform. In addition, Liaoning constructs a number of characteristic villages with strong Northeast China style relying on the cultural heritage. Through networking, cloud computing and other electronic information technology with new generation, all-round and three-dimensional perception of traditional village tourism is made, and the smart collection, processing, and timely distribution of relevant information are carried out. Various tourism stakeholders make intelligent decisions based on this to realize the tourism form of the sustainable development of rural tourism. Smart village construction can not only promote the protection and inheritance of village culture, but also promote the transformation and upgrading of traditional tourism industry, so as to realize the coordinated development of production, life and ecology of traditional villages. © 2018 IEEE. This study elucidates the spatial structure of traditional houses, and its transformation toward sustainable development of residential environments in old towns that are currently the focus of tourism development initiatives. Hexia old town in Huai'an District, China, was chosen for this study involving a field survey, questionnaire survey, and interviews. Data analysis identified three periods of residential transformation and three patterns of the residential transformation process. In all cases, there was low awareness of building conservation measures and lack of tourism development by the government, which has translated into ongoing residential transformations according to the demands of daily life. However, in the interests of tourism development, some businesses have started making use of vacant residences and traditional homes, and the relative proximity to work and home imply sustainability of residents' lifestyles under these conditions. An improvement plan for an old town requires a thorough understanding of the circumstances surrounding residential modifications executed by residents, the problems faced in the living environment, as well as efforts to increase the residents' awareness of the issue of sustainable living in that old town. © 2018 by the authors. Purpose: Ghost tours are an important part of tourism in many towns and cities around the world. Described as light dark tourism, they are a mix of the macabre and entertainment. Ghost tours are usually small business enterprises. In order for their venture to be sustainable, ghost tour operators must engage in effective entrepreneurial marketing (EM) practices. This study aims to evaluate the extent to which ghost tour operators use EM within their business. Design/methodology/approach: A qualitative bricolage approach is used as a way to explore the use of EM practices within ghost tourism; that is, a niche tourism product. Data were collected using 21 in-depth interviews, participant observation and analysis of venture websites. This study used a two-stage data analysis procedure. Findings: Findings reveal that ghost tour operators practice several dimensions of EM that are often simultaneously present and interwoven through the practices ghost tour operators use, as identified by thematic analysis. Originality/value: This study adds an EM lens to the light dark tourism literature. © 2018, Emerald Publishing Limited. Urban tourism is booming and, as a result, crowding is now recognized as a social constraint in many tourist cities. When related to sustainability, tourism crowding must be considered. However, the way tourists experience crowding is still a neglected topic in urban tourism research. In this study, we proposed a new approach to exploit tourism crowding from crowdsourcing geospatial data which goes beyond the scale, timeliness, and cost of traditional on-site questionnaire surveys. The new approach is based on analysis of 446,273 ‘check-in’ geotagged data from Weibo in Shanghai. The data provided a hotspot distribution of popular urban tourist attractions and a range of factors related to tourism crowding. These data provided deep insights into the relationship between crowdedness and popularity of tourist attractions. This empirical work can be extended to urban tourism crowding management environments for sustainable development of tourist attractions. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Predicting anomaly in travel demand is a crucial finding from smart card data analytics. The output of these predictions is a significant contribution to planning sustainable public transport system and generating possible knowledge for transportation learning models. This paper investigates the anomaly effects of the surge in bus passengers demand and compare it with an increase in taxi demand. Indeed, both short-Term and long-Term demands reveal different patterns of passengers in uncertain situations. In pursuit of our goal, we estimated the similarity in stations by both selected and latent features where pre-Trained knowledge are combined as an ensemble with different weights. We present Surge Prediction and Knowledge Transfer (SPKT) model that uses Seq2Seq method combined with Multi-source Transfer Learning method on travel patterns extracted from smart card data to classify source stations and target station. To illustrate the demands blueprint, we considered multiple source stations as input to the predictor, to develop a mechanism that bridges the knowledge transfer learning with the targeted stations. To exemplify our method, we use a case study of an event with passenger surge. From experiments, we found that transferring knowledge can make the surge prediction better compared to only limited training data for the target stations. The results have proved the effectiveness of surge predictions and knowledge transfer for learning models. © 2018 IEEE. Understanding the spatial distribution patterns of the time spent by people based on their trip purpose and other social characteristics is important for sustainable urban transport planning, public facility management, socio-economic development, and other types of policy planning. Although personal trip survey data includes travel behavior and other social characteristics, many are lacking in detail regarding the spatial distribution patterns of individual movements based on time spent, typically due to privacy issues and difficulties in converting non-spatial survey data into a spatial format. In this article, geospatially-enabled personal trip data (Geospatial Big Data), converted from traditional paper-based survey data, are subjected to a spatial data mining process in order to examine the detailed spatial distribution patterns of time spent by the public based on various trip purposes and other social characteristics, using the Tokyo metropolitan area as a case study. Copyright © 2018, IGI Global. Copying or distributing in print or electronic forms without written permission of IGI Global is prohibited. Cold mineral water from the Wudalianchi springs (NE China), used in water supply and balneotherapy, attracts thousands of tourists here each year. Better understanding of the origin and hydrochemical processes for protection and sustainable use of the rare and precious resources is timely needed. Based upon the field investigations, the formation of the mineral waters and the hydrochemical evolution were comprehensively characterized using physical and chemical data analysis, ion ratio calculations, multivariate statistical methods and PHREEQC modeling in this work. The water–rock reactions and their possible chemical reactions during the water formation were studies to explain the mineral evolution. The results showed that the Yaoquanshan Mineral Water District in the study area is abundant in bicarbonate-type mineral water. The special physical and chemical evolution made the mineral waters unique for potable and therapeutic purposes owing to the combined effects including leaching, mixing, cation exchange and adsorption effect and anthropogenic activity. © 2018, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature. The geographic information system has obvious advantages in the collection, storage, extraction and transformation of spatial data; and its spatial analysis function provides scientific analysis means and technical platform for eco-Tourism planning. In this paper, the author makes an optimal design of forest wetland tourism development strategy based on GIS technology. Wetland has diverse biological resources and rich ecological environment, which provides an indispensable leisure and sightseeing condition for the development of ecotourism. The application of GIS technology in ecotourism planning is beneficial to achieve the goal of scientific development, reasonable management and sustainable development of eco-Tourism areas. Sustainable education has the target of improving skills that encourage students or life-long learners to reflect on actions realized by themselves. Its main concern is considering their actual and future cultural, socio-economic, and environmental impacts. Such a paradigm to evaluate these impacts is to bring about a local and a global perspective. Sustainability, as a means of qualified education, is a consequence of lifelong learning philosophy. All levels and all kinds of education should deal with the issues of sustainability and create holistic and transformational skills in this topic. In this context, pedagogy and learning environment is of great importance. Concerning learning environment, mobbing cases have frequently coincided in educational organizations. Mobbing has been regarded as an important business disease of contemporary work-life. Besides, mobbing might be coincided not only in the businesses but also in the organizations providing educational services. In schools and universities, mobbing leads to physiological, sociological, and psychological harms for the students. Recent studies have shown that in the school environment, students are exposed to a possible mobbing behavior and that their academic performance and achievement, as well as their mental and physical health, are negatively influenced. In addition, many academic studies indicate that the personality traits students have are an important predictor of exposure to mobbing and depression. This study aimed to determine the levels of mobbing and depression perceptions of students (type A, type B) who are studying tourism education at undergraduate level. In this context, within the groups of personality traits, the levels of depression in the process of mobbing were examined. Research data were collected from 524 students surveyed in a tourism faculty of a state university. In order to realize the data collection, Personality Traits, Mobbing, and Depression scales were used. Correlation, t-test, and regression analysis were performed as well as descriptive statistics (frequencies, mean, and standard deviation) in the process of data analysis. As a consequence of the research, it was determined that mobbing influenced psychological conditions of all students showing the features of A and B type as personality traits. Nevertheless, mobbing and depression perceptions differ upon their personality groups. It was found that the mean scores of mobbing and depression perceptions of students' having A type personality traits were comparatively higher than the ones having B type personality traits. In addition, it has been revealed that there is a positive relationship between mobbing and depression perceptions of students. Mobbing explained 14% of the change in the depression levels of the students. As a result of the findings, it was determined that personality trait is an important and significant factor in the impact levels of students from mobbing and depression. Incorporation of personality traits into the transformational learning process in the education system as well as teaching and supporting of students with applied social education can be an effective element of sustainable education. © 2018 by the authors. This research aims to gain knowledge to understand residents’ attitudes towards tourism sustainability in a destination where the main attraction is an archaeological site by analysing the effects of residents’ support and perceived benefits for tourism sustainability (in economic, market and social terms). The relationships between perceived benefits and residents’ support and among local involvement, attachment and perceived benefits were also examined. The proposed model was assessed using the Partial Least Squares Structural Equation Modelling (PLS-SEM) regression. The data analysis showed that perceived benefits have a more significant effect on tourism sustainability than on residents’ support. Interestingly, the influence of community involvement was found to be stronger than community attachment on perceived benefits surrounding a Peruvian archaeological site. This study can assist scholars and managers by shedding light on the understanding of tourism sustainability from a performance viewpoint that considers both financial and non-financial terms. © 2018 Creative tourism has received increasing attention. At present, the concept of creative tourism is still in development stage since there are few or no indicators for assessing the potential of creative tourism to area-based sustainable goals. This document aims to introduce the process of mobile application for sustainable creative tourism (SCT) model development using confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) approach. The study was divided into 4 phases. The first phase involved establishing elements, indicators and criteria drawn from some previous studies and the opinions of experts' judgement in this study. Secondly, indicators and criteria were selected by using Delphi technique. Thirdly, the indicators and criteria were confirmed by utilizing CFA, Finally, the prototype of SCT mobile application assessment tool is proposed for SCT in this study, based on CFA. Tools for the study included: 1) structured questionnaire from reviews of literature for interviewing the expert, 2) questionnaire for Delphi techniques among the experts for collecting an opinion about the selection of the indicators, and 3) a questionnaire to assess the possibility of data collection concerning the components and indicators of SCT. 300 samples from creative tourism enterprises from all around Thailand were collected and 253 were responded. Data analysis was conducted by using descriptive statistics and CFA. The study found that SCT model consists of 8 components and 36 indicators. The finding from our research shows that it is eligible to establish the novel SCT assessment indicators. The result of SCT application model is appropriate to develop mobile application for SCT assessment tool. © 2019, International Association of Online Engineering. This paper discusses the methodological challenges in understanding causal relationships between urban form and travel behavior and uses a holistic quasi-experimental approach to investigate the separable marginal influence of each of several urban form factors on mode choice as well as the complex relationships between those factors and a wide range of personal traits. Data analysis and models are used to reveal the effect of such interactions on mode choice for both work and non-work trips in Rome, Italy. It is found that population density does not have a significant marginal positive effect on sustainable mode choice for work trips. Conversely, this factor decreases sustainable mode choice for non-work trips. Small scale street design quality alone increases sustainable mode choice for non-work trips. This is while presence of street network integration alone increases automobile use for all trip purposes. The results point to the importance of incorporating all the urban form factors of diversity, design and street network integration if the goal is to increase the use of more sustainable modes of transportation for both work and non-work trips, but also show that attitudes and preferences can modify the response to urban design factors. The findings suggest that thoughtful policies triggering certain attitudes (cost sensitivity, sensitivity to peer pressure regarding the value attributed to sustainable transportation, and transit preference) can be adopted to significantly increase sustainable mode choice even in the neighborhoods with specific physical restrictions. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York. By clicks, likes, tweets, photos, blog posts, online transactions, we (people and businesses) allow for creating Big Data. Our digital traces tell the story about our professions, preferences, choices, transactions, traveling, habits etc. They permit to get information about who we are and what we do as individuals and organisations. This process is associated with a threat but also an opportunity for the social and economic development. The key question is how to ensure that the data we create continue to improve our lives, innovation, and sustainable development. A majority of Big Data is no longer housed in statistical agencies, but housed by businesses including Online Services Providers (OSPs). We state that regulators should consider this data as a public good and build the platforms for public and private partnerships to ensure advantage of digital technology, improved connectivity, and data revolution. © 2017, Springer International Publishing AG. Tourism activities are, by their nature, traditionally resource intensive, particularly in energy, water, soil and raw materials. The efficiency of resource allocation becomes extremely important if sustainable development of these activities is to be pursued. On the other hand, the environmental impact through the generation of waste and pollution of air and water become even more worrying since the environment is itself an input into tourism activities. In this way, this chapter presents the concept of eco-efficiency applied to tourism, that is, the production of goods and services while incurring less impact on the environment and less consumption of natural resources. This chapter has a particular focus on energy, exploring the energy efficiency of tourism activities and the possibility to shift inputs towards renewables. Associated mainly with fossil energy consumption, is the emission of greenhouse gases by tourism activities as transport, accommodation, restaurants and attractions, contribute in this way to air pollution and climate change. This chapter also focuses on ‘eco-innovation in tourism’, as a path to sustainable technologies ensuring eco-efficiency and clean production processes in areas such as construction, integrated water cycles, energy conservation and waste management relating to tourism. The chapter will cover both theoretical perspectives and data analysis, suggesting a number of ways in which public policies, and specifically tourism policy and governance, could be effective in minimizing environmental tourism impacts. © Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature 2019. A longer, wider and more complicated change in the travel path is put forward to adapt to the rapidly increasing expansion of metropolises in the field of urban travel. Urban travel requires higher levels of sustainable urban transport. Therefore, this paper explores the circuity characteristics of urban travel and investigates the temporal relationship between time and travel circuity and the spatial relationship between distance and travel circuity to understand the efficiency of urban travel. Based on Guangzhou Taxi-GPS big data, travel circuity is considered in this paper to analyze the circuity spatial distribution and strength characteristics of urban travel in three types of metropolitan regions, including core areas, transition areas and fringe areas. Depending on the different attributes of the three types, the consistency and dissimilar characteristics of travel circuity and influencing factors of travel circuity in metropolises are discussed. The results are shown as follows: (1) by observing the temporal andspatial distribution of travel circuity, it can be found that peaks and troughs change with time, and travel circuity of transition areas is higher than other areas during the peak period. When travelling in these three regions, travel circuity spatial distribution is consistent, which is the core-periphery distribution. When travelling among these three regions, travel circuity spatial distribution is distinct; (2) by analyzing the relationship between time and distance of travel and travel circuity, it can be seen that the shorter the travel time or travel distance, the greater the travel circuity, resulting in a lower travel efficiency; (3) the influence of six factors, including population, road and public transportation, on travel circuity is significant. Whether it is the origin point or destination point, when its location is closer to the city center and the station density of grid is lower, the travel circuity is higher. © 2017 by the authors. Sustainable tourism leads to environmental protection, community development, and the improvement of livelihood of the local residents of a place. This has been a prime concern of the Government of India in every five-year plan and national tourism policy undertaken. Sustainability is essential for the country's prosperity, growth and development. The present research study is a review of current research literature and policy frameworks of the Indian tourism industry in terms of sustainability. The research analyzes the Indian tourism global ranking and the 'environmental sustainability' rankings of the Travel and Tourism Competitiveness Index. The study is based on secondary data analysis including analysis of five-year plans of Indian planning processes, national tourism policies and the global tourism rankings of the Indian tourism industry obtained from a Travel and Tourism Competitive Index provided by World Economic Forum. Based on the secondary data analysis, the study highlights a paradoxical situation of 'sustainability and the tourism rankings' for the Indian tourism industry. © 2018 AJHTL /Author/s. Japan's domestic travel and tourism industry expenditure has been declining gradually since 1998 (from 33.5 in 1998 to 21.6 trillion JPY in 2016). Our research purpose is to construct a data analysis model to transform the collected data to a meaningful graphical format by using big data analytics techniques to discover anomalies and sustainable development possibilities for economy and tourism of Japan's rural areas, with a particular focus on the prefecture of Hokkaido, subprefecture of Okhotsk. To strengthen the reliability of this model we apply popular Monte Carlo simulation combined with Bayesian statistic and implement it on an Apache Spark platform to acquire results within the span of the study. Through this research, we focus on observing and analyzing interests, expectations and tendencies of Japanese people living in rural areas. From such collected information, we can obtain reasons for the decline of this sector's impact on Japan's economy. Measuring public awareness has become more efficient since the content generator role has been passed on to ordinary people. Therefore, the analysis of Big Data with the use of data science techniques has become important to comprehend human behavior from multiple points of view, including the scientific, economic, political, historical and sociological. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2018. Transformation is a total transfer process from a particular shape into a new figure which can be interpreted as the final stage of a changing process. Transformation, as a gradually progressive process, utilizes space and time factors becoming the aspect that greatly influences the change until reaching the ultimate stage. The changes are completed by responding to the influence of external and internal elements which will lead to a change from an early familiar form. The purpose of this research is to build theory based on phenomenon which occurs in the field as a result of space transformation process in Bandung so that it can be seen the setting adjustment of either physical or non-physical in the area becoming the city identity. The research method is qualitative research method with descriptive survey method approach. The focus of research is aimed at discrete phenomena in the field as an effort to disclose the background essence of the resulted theory formation. The study does not use a theoretical framework, yet there is a consistency in observing a discrete phenomenon of the grand tour results. The phenomenon is raised through the snowball sampling process. The process of collecting data, analyzing, and building theories is conducted jointly and iteratively within one research time range. The study results in the formation of space knowledge based on knitting and the value system of the users' activities and the space settings. All users' behaviors in using space are related to social, cultural, economic and creative activities in utilizing the existing space conditions. The results of this study provide an enrichment of architectural theory, planning theory and urban design theory having already existed. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. Smart tourism is a new form of tourism development in China, the mainland’s smart tourism based on big data is always present, the competitive advantage of smart tourism has always been in dynamic change. At the same time, smart tourism is also developing with urban tourism as its carrier, urban tourism is the foundation of tourism development in China, hotels are the foundation of urban tourism, Tourism competition between cities is becoming increasingly fierce, the competition between hotels will also become increasingly fierce. In this situation of fierce competition, this paper takes 34 prefecture-level cities in the three northeastern provinces as the research object, and analyzes the market operation situation of star-rated hotels in the three northeastern provinces from the aspects of quantity, operating revenues, net profits and human resources. It is pointed out that only by strengthening the co-cooperation among the three northeast provinces can realize the sustainable development of Liaoning smart city. © 2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG. The current study examines the importance of big data analytics (BDA) management capabilities, namely BDA planning, BDA investment, BDA coordination, and BDA control on sustainable tourism supply chain performance (STSCP). The study also explored the moderating role of technology orientation on BDA management capabilities' association with STSCP. Perceptual responses from 212 analytics professionals suggest BDA planning, BDA coordination, and BDA control as prominent enablers of sustainable tourism supply chain performance. Furthermore, technology orientation was found to enhance the contribution of BDA planning, BDA coordination, and BDA control as enablers. © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. In this study, the effects of tourism receipts on economic growth will be investigated econometrically for the top 20 countries earning most from international tourism (WTR-20) in the world for the period 1996-2016. From this aspect, this study aimed to empirically evaluate whether international tourism receipts have an effect on economic growth performances of the developed and developing countries in the WTR-20 group as proposed by theoretical literature under the tourism-led growth hypothesis. To determine the effects of international tourism receipts on economic growth for WTR-20 group countries, a model is an extended form of Cobb-Douglas type of production function, will be estimated under the secondgeneration panel data analysis considering cross-sectional dependence. As a result of the study, it is determined that international tourism revenues have a positive and statistically significant effect on economic growth in the WTR-20 group countries. Also, it is found that there was unilateral causality running from international tourism receipts to economic growth in the WTR-20 group countries. These findings, which are in keeping with the theoretical literature under the tourism-led growth hypothesis, indicate that international tourism receipts have a significant effect on providing economic growth and gaining sustainability in WTR-20 group countries with their current structures. © 2018, Economic Laboratory for Transition Research. All rights reserved. Big Data are having a great impact on the cities morphology and urban planning; actually, big data are used, for example, to predict the needs of the public transport system, by targeting investment and mobility policies within the main metropolis. Based on this assumption, this paper presents a Decision Support System (DSS) framework aimed at proposing travel strategies alternative to car use by elaborating a large amount of transportation systems data coming from different devices. The paper focalizes on the use of Big Data in public transportation and introduces a methodological framework for collecting, integrating, aggregating, fusing, managing and disseminating data coming from different sources. Data mining approaches are applied to allow the analysis of both open Big Data, that conforms to established standards such as SIRI and GTFS, and unstructured freely available Big Data. Experimental data was collected from both a sample of smartphones and AVL systems in a case study area. The application of the proposed DSS allowed analyzing spatial and temporal coverage of the public transport services, and suggesting policies to improve the modal split. © 2017 IEEE. The place-making approach is a participant-based planning approach that includes community involvement in the development and transformation of spaces into places of higher quality. The concept of place-making is to make public spaces more liveable. It is a well-known approach in the area of urban planning research. However, the concept of place-making has also been widely utilised in different fields, especially in areas that require exploring the relationship between place and people. The core aim of this paper is to analyse studies on place-making concept implementation in the region of Malaysia and its impact on implemented planning approaches for developing such places. By using the qualitative method, the case study approach and Computer-Aided Qualitative Data Analysis Software (CAQDAS) Atlas.ti software, sixty articles were chosen as samples for analysis and were assessed using the thematic analysis procedure. From the results, most studies relating to the place-making approach are from the area of built environment. However, the field of tourism shows an increasing interest in applying the place-making approach among other multi-interdisciplinary fields. Four attributes, which are imaging, sociability, activities and accessibility, with 30 issues determine the themes for place-making studies in Malaysia. In conclusion, the government and professional developers must actively involve the community when developing and transforming spaces to achieve a great place that is practical. The need for applying this approach in the area of tourism planning is crucial for creating great tourism locations with the involvement of professionals and community participants to achieve sustainability goals. © 2019, Universiti Malaysia Sarawak. All rights reserved. The development of rapid population will make the availability and utilization of land resources is increasingly shrinking in number, especially occurs in rice field. Since the last 5 years the numbers of farmland is decrasing by industry, infrastructure development, tourism development and other services. The agricultural problems facing at the moment is the occurrence of a change of use of agricultural land into farming now is not more popular is called over the function of agricultural land into non-farming. According to the Central Bureau of statistics (BPS) of the province of Bali (2013) within a period of 14 years (1999-2013), there has been a change of use of agricultural land be not agriculture/wetland functions over the 4,906 hectares. When averaged over the function flatten paddy fields per year occurred in Bali approximately 350 ha (0.41%). The highest paddy fields over the function during a period of fourteen years there is in Tabanan area of 1,230 ha. To maintain the existence of the rice fields or subak in Bali in particular, need to be done protection against agricultural lands sustainable. Ninth District/Town in Bali today, haven't had a Perda on protection of agricultural land sustainable food that is mandated by law 41 Year 2009. This will have an impact on food security of the region, and the world's cultural heritage as the water will lose its existence as a system of irrigation organization in Bali. The purpose of this research was done to (1) determine the numerical classification of spatial parameters of sustainable food farm in Tabanan Regency Kediri Subdistrict, (2) determine the model of the zoning of agricultural land area of sustainable food that fits on Years 2020, 2030, 2040, and in district of Kediri, Tabanan Regency. The method used is the kuantitaif method includes the focus group discussion, the development of spatial data, analysis geoprosessing (spatial analysis and analysis of proximity), and statistical analysis, interpolation of digital elevation model raster data, and visualization (cartography) and qualitative methods include the study of the literature (introduction). The research results obtained by as much as 23 rice fields mapped in spatial control system based on its geographical location. The parameters in the classification of sustainable food farming in district of Kediri consists of (1) the suitability of the location of a rice field with spatial Plan area of Tabanan Regency years 2012-2032, (2) land use, (3) Watershed morphology, (4) the type of irrigation, (5) rainfall, (6) the form region, (7) the high place, (8) the suitability of the agroecosystem paddy fields, (9) productivity, (10) the distance from the center of town, (11) minimum area. Spatial numerical classification produces a wide variety of modeling (5 models) and is associated with the projected changes in rice fields by the year 2020, 2030, and 2040. In the year 2020 using model 4 due to sustainable subak in model 4 of 2682.71 ha, approached the farm field area by the year in 2020 of 2684 ha. In the year 2030 using model 3 due to sustainable subak on the model is 1651.37 ha 3 plus 3/4 buffer subak of 773.51 ha be 2424.88 ha approached the farm field by the year in 2030 of 2364 ha. In the year 2040 using model 2 due to sustainable subak on the model of 307,99 ha 3 plus 3/4 buffer subak of 1781,04 ha be 2089,33 ha approached the farm field by the year in 2040 of 2033 ha. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. The unique nature of tourism activities determines that tourism cannot leave traffic alone, especially urban tourism, and the choice of more ways of transportation makes it possible for urban self-help tourism. Tourism traffic is also important for the sustainable development of urban tourism. Satisfaction of tourism traffic is an important factor to determine the overall satisfaction of the destination, and can significantly affect the willingness of tourists to revisit. Investigation and research to that can guide the construction and improvement of urban tourism traffic, and promote the development of urban tourism. Compared with the traditional questionnaire data, the use of large tourist data to study tourist traffic satisfaction can solve the problems of small research area and inaccurate sampling of data. This method can reflect the satisfaction of tourism traffic in a large area, and the difference in the small area, which is of great significance for the planning and development of tourism traffic. This paper, through the screening of the captured network tourism reviews, uses text analysis techniques such as word matching and emotion discrimination to judge the emotional tendency of each comment, and constructs the emotional index of each city to represent its non-negative rating through the model, which is the tourist satisfaction. Finally, we use geodetector and correlation analysis to explore the spatial differentiation of urban tourism traffic satisfaction and the mechanism that influences its differentiation. The research shows that: 1) The tourist satisfaction degree of urban tourism traffic in mainland China has little difference in the region, and the difference is significant between provinces and cities. 2) The spatial difference of urban tourism traffic evaluation is mainly affected by the level of transport development. 3) There is a negative correlation between urban tourism traffic satisfaction and urban congestion index, and there is a positive correlation with urban road density, and there is no significant correlation with the factors such as the subway and the civil aviation airport. Therefore, due to the impact of urban traffic congestion, the traffic satisfaction of big cities and megacities is not high. 4) According to the satisfaction of urban tourism traffic and the level of traffic development, the national cities are divided into 4 categories: the A category is double index medium level Balanced Development Zone, the B category is double index low level Balanced Development Zone, the C category is the priority development zone of tourist traffic satisfaction, and the D category is the lagging development zone of tourist traffic satisfaction. © 2018 Editorial Committee of Tropical Geography. All rights reserved. This study aims to identify: (1) the level and inhibiting factors of community participation, 2) the direction of community-based tourism development in Wonogiri Multipurpose Dam. The data were collected by field observation, documentation, and interviews with stakeholders in Wonogiri Multipurpose Reservoir Tourism Area. Data analysis are using descriptive qualitative and SWOT analysis accompanied by analysis of sustainable tourism development 3A (Attractions, Accessibility, Amenitas) as supporting data. The results of this research shows that: (1) the level of community participation is still low, and the inhibiting factor of public participation is the low of public perception about tourism potency and opportunity, the tourism object is only centered on one location, and spatial arrangement, (2) based on SWOT analysis, the direction of community-based tourism development is suggested, as resulted in increased tourist attraction in the Wonogiri Multipurpose Dam in the form of community involvement (planning-evaluation), spatial planning, and maximizing the promotion. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. This study aimed to develop a robust conceptual framework incorporating volitional and non-volitional dimensions within the theory of planned behavior and cognitive (green image and environmental awareness) and affective (anticipated pride and guilt) dimensions to explicate youth tourists’ waste reduction behaviors while traveling to destinations. A quantitative approach was used. Structural equation modeling was utilized for data analysis. This study proved the usefulness and sufficiency of the proposed framework. Volitional factors were significant determinants of intentions. Our findings also showed that the inclusion of green image, environmental awareness, and anticipated feelings increased the prediction power of the theory. Results also supported the significant role of these integrated variables in increasing waste reduction intentions. Attitude had a mediating role and included the relative importance in determining intentions. This study extended destination researchers’ and practitioners’ knowledge and understanding of visitors’ waste reduction behaviors in the youth tourism context. © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. For Medan citizens, the choice of residence location depends on the ability to buy a house. House price is determined by the price of land where the housing is located. The more to the edge of the city the location of a house, then the price will be lower. So that the suburbs of Medan become the residential choice for the citizens of low-income. The residential choice will affect the distance of the journey to the workplace. This study analyzed the effect of residential choice on the travel distance and the implications for the implementation of sustainable development. The data used in this study is the primary data obtained through the survey held in Medan. The research approach is quantitative with the data analysis technique of Structural Equation Model (SEM). The results show that low-income citizens tend to choose the location of suburbs, while they work in the urban area. The location of the residence affects the daily travel distance is very high. The travel distance that is the very high effect the use of private vehicle mode. The use of private vehicles for long travel distance requires a huge energy. The use of very high fuel oils is a waste of energy and can increase air pollution. This is not in accordance with the concept of sustainable development. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd. Telaga Warna and Telaga Pengilon are two volcanic lakes in the Dieng Plateau offer some unique phenomena which are interested for tourists to visit. Telaga Warna and Telaga Pengilon are located side by side in the Dieng Palteau. Those two lakes also have specific ecosystem which differ to other lakes. However as land use in the surrounding area is now gradually changing, the lake is now facing to environmental degradation. The land use in the surrounding area is for intensive agricultural which main crops are vegetable, especially potatoes. Meanwhile, the number of tourist visiting those two lakes is increasing; it may also give some impact to the lake environment. This research aims to study the impacts of agricultural practices and tourism activities to the lake environmental which lead to the environment sustainability of the lakes. The field survey was conducted to collect some data on lakes characteristics, agricultural and tourism activities. Some interviews to local people and tourists were also conducted. Some water and sediment samples were collected followed by laboratory analyses. Some secondary data from previous study was also collected. Data analysis was conducted based on qualitative and quantitative techniques. The study found that agricultural practices of potatoes plantation uses water from the Telaga Pengilon to irrigate the plant by pumping out the water using water pump and distributes the water over the plantation area. Agricultural practices lead to soil erosion, which contribute sediment to the lake carried by surface runoff. Therefore, the volume of lakes is gradually decreasing. The use of fertilizer in the agricultural practice contribute nutrient into the lake carried by surface runoff, leading to the eutrophication, due to the excess used of fertilizer. The study concludes that agricultural practices and tourism activities have some positive economic impacts to the local community, however it also give some adverse affects on the lakes, both quantitatively and qualitatively. The volume of lakes is gradually decreasing due to sedimentation. In the long term periods the lake may not be interesting object for tourism. © 2018 The Authors, published by EDP Sciences. Bikesharing has gradually become an adopted form of mobility in urban area recent years as one sustainable transportation mode to bring us many social, environmental, economic, and health-related benefits and rewards. There is increased research toward better understanding of bikesharing systems (BSS) in urban environments. However, our comprehension remains incomplete on the patterns and characteristics of BSS. In this paper, aiming to help improving sustainability in multimodal transportation through BSS, we perform a systematic data analysis to examine underlying patterns and characteristics of the system dynamics in a bikeshare network and to acquire implications of the patterns and characteristics for decision making. As a case study, we use trip history data from the Capital Bikeshare system in the Washington DC area and some additional data sources. The study covers seven important aspects of bikeshare transportation systems, which are respectively trip demand and flow, operating activities, use and idle times, trip purpose, origin-destination flows, mobility, and safety. For these aspects, by using appropriate statistical methods and geographic techniques, we investigate travel patterns and characteristics of BSS from data to evaluate the qualitative and quantitative impacts of the inputs from key stakeholders on main measures of effectiveness such as trip costs, mobility, safety, quality of service, and operational efficiency, where key stakeholders include road users, system operators, and city. We also disclose some new patterns and characteristics of BSS to advance the knowledge on travel behaviors. Finally, we briefly summarize our findings and discuss the implications of the patterns and characteristics for data-driven decision supports from the relations between BSS and key stakeholders for promoting bikeshare utilization and transforming urban transportation to be more sustainable. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd Purpose: This paper aims to identify potential issues for the travel and tourism industry, regarding technology in the digital era. Design/methodology/approach: Travelport has defined five major themes in this area: big data, hybrid cloud, mobile, artificial intelligence and internet of things. Findings: Issues such as personal data privacy, choice of solutions that preserve environmental sustainability, impact of the industry’s environmental footprint and growing number of conflict areas around the world mean that ethics comes before business as a benchmark. Originality/value: This paper presents the perspective of a global distribution system operator regarding trends and opportunities affecting the travel industry. © 2018, Emerald Publishing Limited. A report by Mullins and colleagues identified the benefits of trauma systems in the late 1990s. When war developed in response to the September 11 attack on the World Trade Center and Pentagon, the concepts of trauma systems had yet to be incorporated into the US military medical planning. Col John Holcomb, Commander of the US Army Institute of Surgical Research, traveled to Iraq for a survey of trauma care. The survey was conducted in May 2003, 2 months after onset of hostilities. He identified no trauma system existed in Iraq. Medical planning had indeed been conducted, but in many circumstances, the planning was service specific. Col Holcomb, Col Don Jenkins (US Air Force), and Lt Col Brian Eastridge (US Army Reserve) proposed the establishment of a theater trauma system for the entire battlespace. The proposal to establish a Joint Theater Trauma System for the US Central Command (CENTCOM) area of responsibility was subsequently approved. Critical to the success of the Joint Theater Trauma System (JTTS) was assigning the Director of the JTTS directly responsible to the CENTCOM Surgeon. By doing so, the JTTS Director served as the CENTCOM Surgeon's advisor on combat casualty care. For issues in the CENTCOM area of responsibility that could not be resolved locally by the JTTS Director, the CENTCOM Surgeon would provide direction. This command oversight was imperative in the complex environment of a theater of operations. Over the subsequent decade-plus of sustained combat operations in Iraq and Afghanistan, the JTTS achieved unparalleled success in data collection, real-time data analysis, and robust evidence and data-based quality/process improvement initiatives. The implementation of the JTTS, now known as the Joint Trauma System (JTS) as it encompasses care along the entire continuum and not just "in theater," is widely credited for achieving improved battlefield survival despite an increase in the average injury severity and the lowest battlefield mortality statistics in history. © Springer International Publishing AG 2017. Establishment of invasive species is a worldwide problem. In many jurisdictions, management strategies are being developed in an attempt to reduce the environmental and economic harm these species may cause in the receiving ecosystem. Scientific studies to improve understanding of the mechanisms behind invasive species population growth and spread are key components in the development of control methods. The work presented herein is motivated by the case of the European green crab (Carcinus maenas L.), a remarkably adaptable organism that has invaded marine coastal waters around the globe. Two genotypes of European green crab have independently invaded the Atlantic coast of Canada. One genotype invaded the mid-Atlantic coast of the USA by 1817, subsequently spreading northward through New England and reaching Atlantic Canada by 1951. A second genotype, originating from the northern limit of the green crabs European range, invaded the Atlantic coast of Nova Scotia in the 1980s and is spreading southward from the Canadian Maritime provinces. We developed an integrodifference equation model for green crab population growth, competition and spread, and demonstrate that it yields appropriate spread rates for the two genotypes, based on historical data. Analysis of our model indicates that while harvesting efforts have the benefit of reducing green crab density and slowing the spread rate of the two genotypes, elimination of the green crab is virtually impossible with harvesting alone. Accordingly, a green crab fishery would be sustainable. We also demonstrate that with harvesting and restocking, the competitive imbalance between the Northern and Southern green crab genotypes can be reversed. That is, a competitively inferior species can be used to control a competitively superior one. © 2014, Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht. Purpose: The purpose of the study was to examine the relative importance of corporate social and environmental responsibility (CSER) in comparison to standard, price, duration, destination, brand and disruption using choice-based conjoint analysis (CBC). Design/methodology/approach: CBC was used as the data collection survey technique, and counts analysis for preference and hierarchical Bayes estimation (HB) for importance levels data analysis methods, from Sawtooth Software Inc. Findings: Results show that 2:1 Royal Caribbean Cruise Line cruise consumers prefer companies with CSER policies and practices. However, their actual product choice selection of cruise package attributes revealed that consumers overall placed less importance on CSER when choosing cruises. Experienced consumers were more brand image-conscious than those new to cruising, and consumers who were less price-sensitive were most willing to choose companies with CSER policies and practices. Research limitations/implications: The information provided is specifically on “what” cruise consumer preferences and importance attributes are but does not explicitly explain “why” the respondents made the choices they did. This was at the time a limitation of the software used to conduct the study. Practical implications: The Conjoint Analysis CBC Sawtooth Software pre-2014 version choice simulators do not facilitate questions that provide answers as to “why” respondents make the choices they do in the market simulations. Social implications: The knowledge contribution is of value to both academia and industry, as the quantitative statistical data on the cruise consumers’ choice preferences are of value in understanding and identifying solutions/approaches towards “opening the bottleneck” that exists between private sector sustainable development practices and consumer lifestyle changes. Originality/value: This was the first time that CBC/HB was applied within academia to examine the cruise consumers’ choice preferences in a UK context and also the first time that CSER was applied as a direct variable in a cruise package to determine the preference and important values of a brand in a consumer behaviour decision-making context. © 2017, © Emerald Publishing Limited. This study investigates the mediating role of social interactions between the ecotourism attitude and ecotourism participation intention of tourism students in Australia. It also examines the moderating influence of gender and length of career relationship on social interactions. Data analysis results from partial least squares-based structural equation modeling confirm a positive relationship among environmental knowledge, ecotourism attitude, landscape likability, and ecotourism participation intention. Findings also reveal that the mediating influence is further moderated by gender difference but not by the relationship length of the student's tourism career. These findings have important implications for tourism education providers in designing sustainability-related learning materials. © 2017 Cognizant, LLC. Cities are becoming more complex and smart not only in terms of civil engineering infrastructures, but also in their socioeconomic systems. Info communication technologies and tools enable to monitor, understand and analyse cities as a whole living system in multiple ways. Bike-sharing is an effective and healthy mode of transport as well as a rich source of data. The structured processing, analysis and drawing of conclusions - or simply the Big Data methodology - has proven, and is proving its usefulness all around the world. The huge amount of data collected during the everyday operation of the MOL Bubi bike-sharing system contains answers for many questions. Geospatial and statistical analysis of mobility patterns can be used for a deeper understanding of local and foreign travellers' behaviour in Budapest. This enables to discover the most frequently visited areas and times when the transportation network usage is very high. In this paper a method is presented for mobility data analysis using public bike-share data of different cities. The comparison of bikesharing systems around the world could reveal the role of this sustainable solution in urban design. It is essential to understand the ongoing processes in cities through time and space and to identify more complex correlations to assist in decision making processes in urban design and development. Copyright © NCEUB 2017. The issue of sustainability is a growing concern in the global society. Despite many green campaigns and seminars carried out, the green concept is still very new, especially in the Asian countries. There is only a little knowledge about the consumers’ perception towards the green concept and going green in Malaysia. Efforts have been taken by the government and NGOs to increase awareness on environmental issues. However, there is no precise indication whether Malaysian consumers know about the green concept and their perception towards going green, especially in the event management field of study. Therefore, there is lack of focus on this issue in Malaysia which warrants a study to understand the depth of event attendees’ perception on sustainable efforts towards event greening. The aim of this study is to explore event attendees’ perception of sustainable efforts towards event greening. In this research, the focus is on event management and the efforts from event organizers to implement sustainable practices. The researcher investigates from the perspective of event attendees. The research findings are critical for the researcher to evaluate the situation and recommend appropriate green event management guidelines for event organizers to remain competitive by implementing sustainable practices for long-term survival in the event industry. The research methodology is a quantitative method using survey. The survey data will be collected from event attendees of environmental themed carnivals. The data analysis is carried out using the application of structural equation modelling (SEM) design. © 2017 American Scientific Publishers All rights reserved. Qinhuangdao City combines three traditional coastal zone resources, namely, harbor, tourism and fishery. A scheme for the functional zone division of Qinhuangdao City is proposed in this study. It is hoped that our study will contribute to the reasonable utilization of the coastal zone resources, achieve the equilibrium and optimization of economic, social and environmental benefits, as well as the sustainable development of coastal economy of Qinhuangdao City, Our research is based on field survey and thorough data analysis while giving full consideration to the coastal type and resources environment of Qinhuangdao City. Six functional areas are divided, and we separately focus on the distribution, resources advantages, main function and environmental protection of these functional areas. The current status and existing problems of coastal resources development are reviewed. Finally, we propose suggestions concerning the orientation of further coastal resources and provide reference for scientific utilization of coastal resources. © (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland. This paper describes the design and implementation of a sustainable travel assistance system consisting of a two wheeler mounted portable USB charger named Winger. This uses renewable wind energy to charge any cellular phone. It also introduces a travel analysis system along with a proposed system based on user speed profiling analogous to the concept of collaborative filtering. The focus of this paper is to harness renewable energy and provide data analytics based upon the inevitable activity of everyday travel. © 2014 IEEE. Lodging industry is one of the most crucial segments that consume a large amount of non-renewable resources. The extant literature shows that a large number of hotels are conducting green performances to offset the shift in customers' buying behaviour from conventional hotels towards green hotels. Thus, an empirical investigation on hotel customers' demographic as well as eco-friendly attitudes and intentions can help hotel operators better predict green buying behaviour of their potential/current customers. In this regard, the author conducts a series of multiple regression analyses in order to find any relationships between green attitudes and the intention to pay a premium for green hotels in Malaysia. A total of usable responses were used for data analysis. In general, findings reveal that except for seriousness of environmental problems (SEP), all other green attitudes, applied in this study, have a significant impact on the intention to pay a premium for green hotels. In addition, results of ANOVA indicate a variety of differences in intention to pay a premium for green hotels across different demographic characteristics. Finally, findings of this study not only affirm the Theory of Reasoned Action (TRA) by Ajzen (1975), but also provide managerial implications for hoteliers, marketers, and tourism ministries for better sustainability, segmentation, positioning, and resource allocation. © 2014 International University College. All rights reserved. Building Information Modeling provides a solid ground for historical areas documentation, where a virtual experience of historic buildings is digitally constructed in order to maintain the built environment through its entire lifecycle. Jeddah Old Balad area, especially “Old Hajj Road”, is considered to be the core of heritage preservation. Therefore, this paper elaborates on a platform demonstrating the potential of combining big data for main corridor in Old Balad by using GIS server; In addition to people reflections within outdoor spaces via smart sensors while experiencing the variety of urban features of the area. Therefore, the aim of this paper is to give an overview of people responsiveness, as well as surveying and representation of spacious data in order to support the process of further integration between HBIM and GIS tools to maximize the use of built heritage resources used for creating, conserving, documenting, and managing information which has a great impact on touristic and commercial activities within the case of Qabel Street. The study aims to strengthen the relation between sustainable developments in this area within the explicit constraints of architectural heritage preservation. © Springer International Publishing AG 2017. The world[U+05F3]s urban population growth and economic development have led to the reshaping of metropolitan space layouts among residential, employment and shopping locations, generating growing mismatch between travel demand and transport services. A reliable method to accurately analyze mobility demand and underlying transport network systems and to identify areas with serious mismatch problems is important for the design of effective policy measures. In this paper, we make use of the wide deployment of GPS devices in vehicles in many cities today, to develop such a method. This approach is developed using GPS data collected from all taxis operating in the Chinese city of Harbin between July and September in 2013. It consists of four major steps. First, city-wide mobility patterns are modeled based on GPS trajectories. This model captures a set of key traffic characteristics for each pair of regions in the entire urban network, including travel demand, travel speed and route directness of travel paths. From this model, a set of indicators is then built to measure the road transport performance between the regions, and the areas with serious mismatch problems are subsequently pinpointed. Finally, the identified problematic regions are further examined and specific transport problems are analyzed. By applying the proposed method to the city of Harbin, the potential and effectiveness of this method are demonstrated. Moreover, with more and more urban vehicles being equipped with GPS devices, the designed method can be easily transferred to other cities, thus paving a way for the adoption of the presented approach for an up-to-date and spatial-temporal sensitive road network analysis approach that supports the establishment of a more sustainable urban transport system. © 2015 Elsevier B.V.. Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between returning consumer environmental behaviour and tourists' propensity to stay in a green hotel, particularly in the Malaysian context. Next, the influence of a moderating variable (i.e. green hotel knowledge) on returning tourists' propensity to stay in a green hotel is also examined.; Design/methodology/approach: The research used a hierarchical regression for data analysis across a sample of 400 young respondents who stayed at a green hotel at least once in a year. Their participation was purely voluntary.; Findings: Empirical analysis via hierarchical regressions confirmed that returning tourists' intention to stay at a green hotel was influenced positively by perceived behavioural control and attitude. However, the subjective norm was found to be not significantly related to returning tourists' intention to stay at a green hotel.; Research limitations/implications: The current data were only collected from respondents within one area which may not represent the entire population of Malaysia. Hence, it is imperative that sample size be expanded, and wider geographical areas with different cultural values covered to improve generalizability of findings.; Practical implications: These empirical results may benefit the hotel industry involved in green initiatives and activities in formulating effective marketing strategies to review the demand of returning consumers to stay in green hotels and evaluate the acceptance level of the returning consumers towards green behaviour. The hotel industry should take its environmental and social responsibility seriously and uphold aspects of energy efficiency, natural resources and environment and indoor environmental quality in business operations in a sustainable manner besides focusing on maximizing profit.; Originality/value: The results of this study offer a new forward motion to the findings of prior studies on environmental behaviour, which is not much covered in the literature in the Malaysian context by providing additional information in narrowing the research gap with regard to understanding returning consumers' intention to stay in green hotels. Next, the proposed framework could be the basis for further research investigating returning consumers' intention to stay in green hotels, within the Malaysian context. © 2015, Emerald Group Publishing Limited. The objective of the paper are to identify levels of bio-geodiversity of Bromo-Tengger-Semeru-Arjuno area, describes local community and factors triggering biodiversity disturbance and declines, and establishes recommendations for geotourism development in Bromo-Tengger-Semeru-Arjuno Biosphere Reserve, Indonesia. This study cundected a series of field observation, secondary data analisys and interview at the local and regional levels. Result shows that Bromo-Tengger-Semeru-Arjuno has high biodiversity and is the most diverse highland region in East Java Province. There are a large number of flora-fauna and geological phenomena, reflecting the importance of biodiversity conservation and geotourism development in this area. While there are many positive impacts from tourism, there are also environmental problems. A number of identified problems encompass unsustainable agriculture practices, illegal hunting, illegal logging, forest fire, illegal plant collections and tourism. A large number of visitors at some attraction locationsare a critical issue in the biosphere reserve area. The development of other tourist spots has been important to reduce human impact to the biophysical environment of biosphere reserves. The challenges facing the development of sustainable geotorism in Bromo-Tengger-Semeru-Arjuno Biosphere Reserve are to find a balance between conservation and tourism as well as involve local people as active participants in tourism development. Objectives: Health services must provide safe, affordable clinical care whilst meeting efficiency, environmental and social targets. These targets include achieving reduced greenhouse gas emissions. A care pathway approach based on a decision-support tool can simultaneously reconfigure health services, improve productivity and reduce carbon emissions. Study design: Probabilistic modelling using secondary data analysis. Methods: Estimates of carbon emitted by a health service drew on a previous carbon accounting study which integrated bottom-up assessment of carbon emissions with top-down analysis of indirect emissions by Duane etal. (2012).1Using human resource information, estimates were applied in a decision-support model to measure the carbon footprint and service provision of theoretical scenarios. Using this model, sites with less than 60% utilisation were theoretically reconfigured to reduce carbon emissions and improve service provision. Results: Clinic utilisation rates improved from 50% to 78%. Human resource savings were identified which could be re-directed towards improving patient care. Patient travel for health care was halved resulting in significant savings in carbon emissions. Conclusions: The proposed model is an effective health care service analysis tool, ensuring optimal utilisation of health care sites and human resources with the lowest carbon footprint. © 2014 The Royal Society for Public Health. To promote the development of traffic engineering disciplines in China, the progress, hot topics, existing problems and its countermeasures and development prospects of traffic engineering in academic researches at home and abroad were systematically summarized in 11 aspects including traffic flow theory, traffic planning, road traffic safety, traffic control and intelligent transportation system, traffic management, traffic design, traffic service facilities and electrical facilities, ground public transit, urban parking transportation, traffic big data, and traffic evaluation. In the aspect of traffic flow theory, fundamental diagram model of traffic flow, microscopic and mesoscopic traffic flow theories and their simulations, macroscopic traffic flow theory, and network theory of traffic flow were reviewed. As for traffic planning, traffic and land utilization, traffic and sustainable development, characteristics of traffic travelling behaviors, traffic survey methods and demand forecasting were summarized. Reviews of road traffic safety included traffic safety planning, facility safety, traffic safety management, traffic behavior, vehicle active safety, technical standards and norms of traffic safety, etc. Reviews of traffic control and intelligent transportation systems included traffic signal control, corridor control, traffic control and traffic assignment, cooperative vehicle-infrastructure system and intelligent vehicle system, etc. As for traffic management, traffic laws and order management, traffic system management, traffic demand management, and abnormal traffic management were reviewed. In terms of traffic design, traffic network design, node traffic design, traffic design of urban road, the bus traffic design, and traffic language design were summed up. The review on the aspect of ground public transit involved transit industry regulation and service evaluation, planning and optimization of public transit network, transit operation management and intelligent technology, and the new transit system. As for urban parking transportation, urban parking demand, planning and design of parking facilities, parking management and policies, and intelligentization and informatization of parking were expounded comprehensively. As for traffic big data, the researches on the application of mobile phone data, transit IC card, GPS track and license plate recognition, and social media data to traffic system analysis, especially the research progress in investigation of individual travelling behavior were reviewed. In the aspect of traffic evaluation, the assessments of social and economic impact and traffic impact on traffic construction projects were analyzed. © 2016, Editorial Department of China Journal of Highway and Transport. All right reserved. Accessibility, particularly for public transport users is an important consideration in sustainable mobility policies. Various accessibility measures have been suggested in the literature, most at coarse aggregate spatial resolution of zones or neighborhoods. Based on recently available Big Urban GIS data our aim is to measure accessibility from the viewpoint of an individual traveler who traverses the transportation network from one building as origin to another at the destination. We estimate transport accessibility by car and by public transport based on mode-specific travel times and corresponding paths, including walking and waiting. A computational application that is based on the intensive querying of relational database management systems is developed to construct high-resolution accessibility maps for an entire metropolitan area. It is tested and implemented in a case study involving the evaluation of a new light rail line in the metropolitan area of Tel Aviv. The results show essential dependence of accessibility estimates on spatial resolution—high-resolution representations of the trip enable unbiased estimates. Specifically, we demonstrate that the contribution of the LRT to accessibility is overrated at low resolutions and for longer journeys. The new approach and fast computational method can be employed for investigating the distributional effects of transportation infrastructure investments and, further, for interactive planning of the urban transport network. © 2017, Springer International Publishing Switzerland. City's car-renting services combined with the mobile internet, with control technology of intelligent vehicle, resulting in the new model time-sharing lease and wisdom travel, which is an effective way to save the social resources and optimize the traffic structure of large cities. The 43rd conference of "Traffic and Transportation 7 + 1" sets its theme as "Time-sharing Lease and Wisdom Travel". Emerging technologies are becoming more and more mature, and intelligent equipments are becoming more and more popular and widely used. Internet management systems based on big data cloud services can realize intelligent monitor, and make vehicle access to the internet platform to achieve real-time management. It makes travel services more convenient and safe. It is a new attempt to promote the innovation of transport organization by the quasi-public transport service which is produced under the background of new industrial technology revolution. It can elevate the efficiency of utilizing vehicle, optimize travel mode. It is expected to play an important role in meeting the growing demand for travel, easing urban traffic congestion etc. Thereby to promote the optimization and adjustment of urban transportation structure, realize the sustainable development of urban traffic. Copyright © 2016 by Science Press. Queensland's Department of Transport and Main Roads' (TMR) TravelSmart program is a voluntary behaviour change program that encourages people to use sustainable travel modes such as public transport, walking, cycling and carpooling rather than single occupancy travel in a car. TravelSmart aims to: • Reduce traffic congestion on our roads • Help people change the way they travel, saving them time and money, improving their health and the environment. • Reduce greenhouse gas emissions Typically TravelSmart programs adopt a blanket delivery approach within a geographical area; that is they have offered the same interventions to all members of the community, school or workplace irrespective of their specific needs, current travel patterns or access to infrastructure. TMR has developed a targeted approach to delivering travel behaviour change projects based on location-specific considerations. The process involves a tailored analysis of mode shares, community perceptions and barriers, demographic trends and predictions, and access to infrastructure. The aim is to identify: • The areas that have the greatest potential for travel behaviour change, and • The most effective 'fit for purpose' travel behaviour change interventions for a given area. This paper will provide an overview of an assessment framework being developed by TMR to determine future travel behaviour change interventions and the data analysis underpinning this targeted approach. It will detail examples within South East Queensland where this approach has been used, including rolling out TravelSmart programs in support of infrastructure upgrades such as a new rail corridor from Darra to Springfield. The present study assesses the spatial distribution of 133 socioeconomic indicators compared with indexes of land vulnerability to natural/human-induced soil compaction in 8101 municipalities in Italy using an exploratory data analysis. The aim is to ascertain if local municipalities classified at high soil vulnerability are also characterized by a specific territorial profile. More than 30 indicators correlated with soil vulnerability to compaction reflecting the long-established interactions between rural communities and the landscape in turn shaped by latest socioeconomic changes. The present study has showed that factors discriminating vulnerable from non-vulnerable areas include demographic and socio-spatial processes (population concentration and aging), economic factors (specialization in tourism, industry and agriculture), environmental variables (i.e. soil erosion, salinization and sealing, forest fires and overgrazing) and landscape attributes (agricultural land-use diversity, crop intensity, land tenure). Land-use intensity, crop fragmentation, population density in rural areas and, more generally, human pressure variables are the factors mostly associated with high levels of (both natural and human-induced) soil vulnerability to compaction. Assessing latent relations between socioeconomic factors and soil vulnerability to compaction provides an in-depth understanding of the overall risk for soil compaction. Soil conservation strategies may benefit from improved knowledge of socio-ecological systems informing a more sustainable land management against soil degradation. © 2015 Elsevier B.V. Certification is highlighted as a key sustainable tourism management tool. Yet, very little is known about visitors' perceptions of such schemes. This is an important gap: the success of certification schemes depends on consumers' confidence in the quality of products and services that the schemes endorse. This paper surveyed 610 visitors to the Wet Tropics World Heritage Area and surrounds in Queensland, Australia about (1) the perceived importance of various attributes of the ECO certification scheme; and (2) the perceived performance of operators based on those attributes. Data analysis identified aspects of ECO certification and of operator performance that may need improvement. It found that importance of attributes varied across products and visitor groups; at accommodations, most attributes were perceived to be important, Nature (as an aesthetic experience) and Marketing being more important than others, while at attractions and on tours, visitors were indifferent. Younger visitors rated Environment and Conservation more highly than their older counterparts and females rated Conservation more highly than males. Visitors - notably at accommodations - considered that ECO certified operators were performing "better" than non-ECO certified operators on many attributes. How these visitor perceptions translate into reality remains an important topic for future research. © 2013 © 2013 Taylor & Francis. The overall aim of this paper was to explore the dichotomy between explanation and prediction and to suggest that there is a middle way. Explanation has often been the domain of academics while prediction has often been the domain of businesses. The former have frequently used smaller sample sizes, the latter larger sample sizes and now increasingly data that have high volume, high velocity, and high variety, i.e. big data. These differences may place the parties at opposite ends of a spectrum which suggests that there is a middle way. This middle way uses ‘automatic linear modelling’ that can cope with big data and presents the results as visualisations. An example is outlined based on a sustainability campaign involving leaders in the context of volunteer tourism. The campaign used an informational ‘nudge’ approach. The results of the study are discussed in relation to both the application of the technique and the success of the campaign. It is pointed out that the technique is exploratory but can aid both prediction and theory building in the area of volunteer tourism and that academics must not be afraid to embrace new methods that may be less conventional but bring the universities and industry closer together. © 2014 Taylor & Francis. Sustainable tourism promote economic development by protecting natural, cultural and local resources.The importance of sustainable tourism lies in its motives to conserve the resources and increase the value of local culture and tradition. The aim of this study is to reveal the impact of eco-tourism on the first declared pilot Eco-Agro tourism villages on the island of North Cyprus according to local residents' demographic characteristics. Büyükkonuk and Baǧliköy which are the Eco-Agro tourism centers have become a brand in this sense. The Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) was employed for the purpose of data entry manipulation, and analysis.. A simple random sampling method is selected sampling method with a total of 274 people were interviewed. The responses were measured on a five-point Likert scale of 1 to 5 (1 indicates "strongly disagree" and 5 indicates "strongly agree.") showing the extent to which the respondents agreed or disagreed with statements concerning the impact of tourism development. "Personal Information Form" and Questionnaire were applied. Also, the LSD test was applied to the data analysis in order to determine percentage, arithmetic average, standard deviation, chi-squared test, t-test, one-way analysis of variance and source of differences. Significant differences were found between local resident's demographic characteristics, duration of living in this area, their working conditions related to tourism, being local (belonging) and perceived effects of sustainable tourism. The Technology Travel Course (TSM 496) is an elective course that meets the university-wide international perspectives requirement. The course has a curricular home in the department of Agricultural and Biosystems Engineering (ABE), Iowa State University (ISU). It enables instructors to develop and offer a study abroad program structured as a faculty-led trip abroad. This course is also an excellent opportunity for students to learn/compare technology concepts and applications in an international context that is encouraged by the ABE External Advisory Board. The objectives of this paper are to (1) Review the application of TSM 496 to Ag Study Abroad trip to Poland (with cultural trips to Czech Republic, Denmark, Germany, Lithuania, and Ukraine, and to (2) summarize curricular enhancement of student learning objectives (SLOs) and competencies. The course has been offered yearly since 2011, and served 48 students from several majors in Agriculture & Life Sciences and Engineering colleges. The pre-departure course is focused on teaming up ISU students with students at two agricultural universities in Poland. Teams develop comparative projects focused on agriculture with specific emphasis on animal systems production, technology, environment, sustainability, and regulations. Projects are finalized and presented jointly at special Polish-American Student Workshops. The joint project format creates an opportunity to make friends with students in Poland while working on international projects. The scientific part of the program is a mix of field trips to farms, plants, co-ops, lab tours, cultural sites and activities. Students have many opportunities to socialize, get inspired by rich culture, history, science, agro business attitudes and the spirit of change. SLOs are measured with the program surveys. Currently 65 SLOs/competencies are enhanced with 17 provided by this program (26%). In addition, 25 new competencies are gained, a 38% increase to the new total of 90. Students highly rate this learning and often list it as a highlight of their college career thus far. Data analysis of the Program Evaluation Surveys shows high degree of developing student skills, meeting and enhancement of class goals, departmental and college SLOs. Copyright © (2015) by the American Society of Agricultural & Biological Engineers All rights reserved. In the sustainable tourist sector today, there is a wide margin of loss in small and medium-sized enterprise (SMEs) because of a poor control in logistical expenses. In other words, acquired goods are note being sold, a scenario which is very common in tourism SMEs. These SMEs buy a number of travel packages to big companies and because of the lack of demand of said packages, they expire and they become an expense, not the investment it was meant to be. To solve this problem, we propose a Predictive model based on sentiment analysis of a social networks that will help the sales decision making. Once the data of the social network is analyzed, we also propose a prediction model of tourist destinations, using this information as data source it will be able to predict the tourist interest. In addition, a case study was applied to a real Peruvian tourist enterprise showing their data before and after using the proposed model in order to validate the feasibility of proposed model. © 2017 by SCITEPRESS - Science and Technology Publications, Lda. All rights reserved. This Research, Management Model for the Culture Community Distric Tourism 3 used a qualitative research method and was conducted with three main aims:The study used a purposive random sampling technique, with samples including, office of Tourism and Sports and the leader of the village headman or agent or tour operator. The village elders in the community or a group of 96 people and cultural communities, the total number of 120 to 132 people and tourists, a total of 348 students used the survey data were collected with a structured interview unstructured interviews, observation, focus group approach workshop, results were presented data analysis the aim of the study the descriptive analysis. The results showed that Roi-Et province there are a variety of arts and culture the occupation of weaving silk can mushroom group would be established artistic invention, Home stay display of local arts and culture the tradition is very good, the most famous product is rice, silk, bamboo and wicker, water hyacinth is the prominent feature, upon the Thung Kula. Khon Kaen province the village has a heritage of the ancestors, Muban-tao (Tao Garden is) a mix of farms the new theory it is learned by the various households industries like cotton and silk weaving, basketry, a community enterprise, home stay and community economic self-reliance that can be developed into a tourist attraction as well. Mahasarakham province a heritage that is affordable with a Banpang Weaving and Reed Mat Product, Bungbanpang, Bansabua, Watpakusantarat, Watdongmuangdongsawan, Watburapakong karam, Watbannongtum, Watbansa-bua, Watmongkolsamakkee, Watyangilaivararam, The main court house. Don ancestors and the spirit house. Homestay, Ban Kongkutwai have cultural council of the village tourism is a village in the province Park Kongkutwai. Kalasin province has a tradition culture traditional stores the cultural activities to be sustainable the forest is a tourist attraction learning wild party, the master of the Ban-Phon and crafts is a satin weave fabric that holds Tungyam the first type of machine. BanKok-Kong products bend community wicker Kratib rice steamer is a real Phu-tai and in interpretation customs and traditions. The management style and management information using the tourism attractions of nature attractive historical monument and religious artifacts and attractive cultural traditions and forms of management has been performed in the group regulatory management of the group some provinces also have a serious group the budget is limited, the lack of continuous development to see the importance of community as well as the work continued and serious community, lack of empathy and the standard of the product and the lack of a continuous field of tourism and a lower average revenue per user and not the size of the business travel management is ad hoc. Government should provide ongoing support and the community to actively cooperate in the development of tourism and village tourism directors have to be clear in the administration the administration budget is transparent to the public through various media channels and more information is brought to the at least one year should be created in the community to understand the service personnel the process of learning about the context of tourism coordinating agencies, both public and private sectors new knowledge to develop their own ongoing community tourism. In summary, the results could be used to improve the learning process of the personnel involved in cultural tourism in host communities and staff in educational institutions this will improve the quality and standards of cultural and community level to be self sufficient and sustainable in the long run. © EuroJournals Publishing, Inc. 2012. Purpose: Notwithstanding been a significant stakeholder in the sustainable and responsible tourism (RT) development and management process, worldwide very few studies exclusively investigated tourists’ attitudes towards them. Moreover, studies are especially missing for developing and least developed countries where domestic tourism market is more significant than international market. Besides, in Bangladesh, there is no study as yet which aimed to identify domestic tourists’ attitudes towards responsible tourism management (RTM) and to its triple bottom line (TBL) components. So, the purpose of this paper is to fill these gaps, contributing thus to the existing RTM literature. Design/methodology/approach: After conducting extensive literature review, this study followed both the exploratory (in-depth interview) and single cross-sectional descriptive (survey) research designs. Further, this study used descriptive statistics (frequency distribution analysis) and multivariate dependence data analysis technique (multiple regression analysis) to analyse the data collected from the 385 sample respondents through systematic random sampling. Findings: Based on the findings, the present study argues, Bangladeshi tourists have positive attitudes towards each of the TBL components and to RTM, however, there is scope for further improvement. This study also suggests that there is a close link between tourists’ attitudes and their socio-demographic characteristics. Originality/value: With the support and reference to this study, destination management organisations can work on each of the TBL components to enhance Bangladeshi tourists’ positive attitudes towards RT practices at Cox’s Bazar (CB). Moreover, this study on CB, Bangladesh also contributes to the RTM literature and minimises the known literature gap for developing countries. © 2017, International Tourism Studies Association. Flare-driven coronal rain can manifest from rapidly cooled plasma condensations near coronal loop tops in thermally unstable postflare arcades. We detect five phases that characterize the postflare decay: heating, evaporation, conductive cooling dominance for ∼120 s, radiative/enthalpy cooling dominance for ∼4700 s, and finally catastrophic cooling occurring within 35-124 s, leading to rain strands with a periodicity of 55-70 s. We find an excellent agreement between the observations and model predictions of the dominant cooling timescales and the onset of catastrophic cooling. At the rain-formation site, we detect comoving, multithermal rain clumps that undergo catastrophic cooling from ∼1 MK to ∼22,000 K. During catastrophic cooling, the plasma cools at a maximum rate of 22,700 K s-1 in multiple loop-top sources. We calculated the density of the extreme-ultraviolet (EUV) plasma from the differential emission measure of the multithermal source employing regularized inversion. Assuming a pressure balance, we estimate the density of the chromospheric component of rain to be 9.21 ×1011 ±1.76 ×1011 cm-3, which is comparable with quiescent coronal rain densities. With up to eight parallel strands in the EUV loop cross section, we calculate the mass loss rate from the postflare arcade to be as much as 1.98 ×1012 ±4.95 ×1011 g s-1. Finally, we reveal a close proximity between the model predictions of K and the observed properties between and K, which defines the temperature onset of catastrophic cooling. The close correspondence between the observations and numerical models suggests that indeed acoustic waves (with a sound travel time of 68 s) could play an important role in redistributing energy and sustaining the enthalpy-based radiative cooling. © 2016. The American Astronomical Society. All rights reserved. This paper presents a study of the existing tourism situation at Patong Beach and the factors influencing sustainable tourism at Patong Beach. The objectives of this study are to analyze the existing tourism situation and explore the factors influencing sustainable tourism at Patong Beach using direct observation and questionnaire. One hundred twenty local people were asked their perspectives concerning impacts of tourism and people participation. Meanwhile, 120 tourists were interviewed on tourist attraction, accessibility, facility, and security/safety. According to data collection by observation, we found that the existing tourism situation is faced with problems, particularly, environmental, economical, and social. At the same time, the questionnaire data analyzed using the Likert scale found that local people agreed that tourism caused a high impact (x=3.87) and people participation was moderate (x=2.82), whereas data from tourist attitude showed that tourist attraction is highly competent (x=3.59), and accessibility (x=3.14), facility (x=3.07), and security/safety (x=3.10) are moderate. In conclusion, Patong Beach has high tourism competency but there are many factors influencing sustainable tourism as shown in the existing tourism situation (i.e., high impact of tourism). On the other hand, people participation is low. Finally, Patong Beach should be developed in the way of sustainable tourism development, people participation, and community-based tourism all together. Urban transport became an important element in the promotion of strategies towards sustainability, in fact one of the challenges posed by booming urban populations is the question of mobility. Traditional travel survey methods used to study urban mobility are very expensive, and the data collected are of poor quality. This is mainly explained because of the difficulty of getting a representative sample of the population, and the lack of motivated participants. Therefore, travel surveys are carried out less and less frequently, and the result is that good travel data is not available to develop mobility and travel behaviour studies. Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) offer the opportunity to improve traditional travel survey methods, decreasing bias in the data, reducing respondent burden, and increasing data quality. On the other hand, nowadays the User Generated Content (UGC) is growing very fast in Internet. Social media have become a valuable source for knowledge but there is a big gap in the automatic Sentiment Analysis with Semantic taxonomy annotation of online textual content. The aim of this research is to identify sustainability issues related to urban mobility based in the perceptions and experiences that underlie in the UGC. The methodology follows a quantitative and qualitative content analysis using Sentiment Analysis techniques. This paper demonstrates empirically the feasibility of the automatic identification of the Sustainable Urban Mobility problems in the discourses generated by the UGC, through a powerful ad-hoc software combining Natural Language Processing and Sentiment Analysis field tools. The main contribution of this work is the development of a tool and methodology on sustainability analysis on urban environment. Our approach enriches the data of the traditional surveys, extends traditional analysis with Big-Data methods, using data mining algorithms and Natural Language Processing techniques to extract urban mobility information from Social Media data. These data include important information about activities and travels, and can help to improve our understanding of urban mobility. © 2017. The proceedings contain 14 papers. The topics discussed include: energy efficiency embedded service lifecycle: towards an energy efficient cloud computing architecture; eco-reports in clouds; eco-efficient cloud resource monitoring and analysis; a look at energy efficient system opportunities with community network clouds; load balancing to save energy in cloud computing; key actor perspectives on smart grids; the role of experiential learning and social interaction for changing practices?; multidisciplinary smart grid research and the design of users; participatory data analysis: a new method for investigating human energy practices; social practice theory on tour; and green hackathon: hacking for sustainable food. The main objective of this study was to reveal the potentials of Haramaya and Gurawa districts for developing community based ecotourism (CBT) to diversify livelihood and assure environmental conservation. The data was gathered through questionnaires, interviews, site visits/observations and document analysis. The collected data was analyzed using both qualitative and quantitative data analysis procedures. Econometric models such as the Spike model to estimate parametric mean of willingness to pay for community based ecotourism development and Bivariate Probit model to determine factors affecting willingness to pay were used in the study. The study has identified potential ecotourism resources of the districts inter alia caves, lakes, century old mosque, church and royal prison with distinctive relics and architectural designs, various marriage types and a host of bird species. The major problems investigated are lack of awareness on the part of the local communities about the tourism resources and absence of integrated works between tourism stakeholders. Using these potential resources and the local community's (86%) willingness to pay, the article argues that, community based ecotourism should be developed in the study sites to diversify livelihood and assure environmental conservation. In addition, significant community works have to be undertaken so as to increase the local communities' awareness. The government should create a promising environment where different stakeholders of tourism can work together to make the area sustainable from a tourism perspective. © 2017 AJHTL. Unlike most prior studies, this study reconceptualizes the perceived value construct from the multidimensional perspective by incorporating the aesthetic and altruistic values from Holbrook’s value typology with the Theory of Consumption Value. Moreover, this study is a pioneer in measuring the construct of multidimensional perceived value with the Best-Worst Scaling method instead of rating scales to fill methodological deficiency in the literature. This study collected data through web-based survey using online consumer panels. Hierarchical cluster analysis used as the major data analysis technique. Results indicate consumers can be segmented on the basis of their preferences. Therefore, the use of the cluster analysis of the value dimensions would permit practitioners to develop more effective market segmentation strategies in order to attain sustainable competitive advantage in the growing hospitality and tourism industry. © 2016 The Author(s). This open access article is distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) 4.0 license. Effective waste management systems can make critical contributions to public health, environmental sustainability and economic development. The challenge affects every person and institution in society, and measures cannot be undertaken without data collection and a quantitative analysis approach. In this paper, the two-stage double bootstrap procedure of Simar and Wilson (2007) is used to estimate the efficiency determinants of Spanish local entities in the provision of public street-cleaning and refuse collection services. The purpose is to identify factors that influence efficiency. The final sample comprised 1072 municipalities. In the first stage, robust efficiency estimates are obtained with Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA). We apply the second stage, based on a truncated-regression, to estimate the effect of a group of environmental factors on DEA estimates. The results show the existence of a significant relation between efficiency and all the variables analysed (per capita income, urban population density, the comparative index of the importance of tourism and that of the whole economic activity). We have also considered the influence of a dummy categorical variable - the political sign of the governing party - on the efficient provision of the services under study. The results from the methodology proposed show that municipalities governed by progressive parties are more efficient. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. Purpose: This paper aims to analyse whether and how the Development Plan and Policies of Slovenian Tourism (SiPlan) could be improved systematically and systemically, enabling more comprehensive management of innovation. Design/methodology/approach: The data were obtained within a comprehensive national innovation study. Data analysis was performed in four phases. In the initial phase, a link between the innovation project and SiPlan was established. In the next phase, which of the innovation factors are significantly correlated with the tourism destination development concept was identified. In the third phase, further policy potential for improving the innovation factors was identified. In the last phase, a systems approach was applied to develop a qualitative systems model, a causal loop diagram, taking into consideration the empirically identified strengths and weaknesses of the current SiPlan and other pertinent factors. Findings: The results of empirical research indicate that SiPlan represents a valuable, but not optimum development model of Slovene tourism development. Therefore, the authors propose a qualitative tourism development model based on the research results and a systems dynamics methodology. Originality/value: The work is important from the scientific point of view, i.e. as a methodology and research results that could be applied in further research activities. In addition, the results could be usefully used by policy makers by way of focusing on the most influential factors: policies that have a potential for the systems (holistic) and socially responsible development of tourism in Slovenia. © Emerald Group Publishing Limited. While economic implications of volunteer tourism to the host economy have been acknowledged in previous tourism research, no empirical study to assess this influence has been published to date. This expenditure study begins to fill the gap in academic and practical knowledge. The purpose of this research was to compare and contrast the expenditure patterns of volunteer tourists with those of leisure tourists in New Orleans. Survey research methods were used to obtain a sample of volunteer tourists that was compared to a leisure tourist sample obtained from secondary data. Visitors' expenditures across six types of spending (local transportation, lodging, food/beverages, gambling, retail shopping, and tours/admission fees), demographics, and travel information were collected. Data analysis included t tests revealing that volunteer tourists' spending was lower in five out of six categories, total daily expenditures, and total trip spending. Volunteer tourists spent more on local transportation, but preferred cheaper accommodations and dining, seldom gambled, shopped little at the destination, and rarely visited tourist attractions. Examining differences in expenditure patterns can help a destination develop sustainable tourism policy and maximize economic benefits of volunteer tourism. In conclusion, this article proposes strategies to promote economically and culturally sustainable volunteer tourism. © 2014 Cognizant Comm. Corp. Governance is now generally accepted as a convenient conceptual term to characterise contemporary patterns of collective decision-making, particularly in the local public domain. However, there is a dearth of research into the attitudes of rural governance policy-makers towards tourism, despite the influence of the local rural policy arena on tourism development in rural areas. In order to fill this gap, this research aims to explore governance factors that influence rural decision-makers’ support for tourism. A cross-sectional field survey was designed and applied on the LEADER1 network in Hungary and analysed by multivariate data analysis methods. Results highlighted differences in the preferences of local planners regarding the dimensions of integrated rural tourism (IRT). In particular, findings suggest that local rural planners favour those qualities of IRT that enhance complementarity, sustainability, stakeholder and sectoral integration over the scale of IRT. © 2014, © 2014 Taylor & Francis. Reputation is key in the management in tourism industry. In other words, a company should present favorable corporate image to enhance the trust of the customers and further induce the purchase intention and behaviors so as to enhance the sustainable management of tourism businesses. Customers' Trust is the support of tourism industry, as it satisfies the basic demands for travel guarantee and safety. Following the promotion of consumer awareness, consumers tend to purchase products or accept services from trusted tourism businesses, which therefore have to present excellent corporate image. Nevertheless, some tourism businesses have neglected Marketing Ethics in the development of market economy because of over-pursuing economic interests. When consumer sovereignty is infringed, consumer satisfaction would be reduced, resulting in declining customer loyalty. By distributing and collecting questionnaires on-site, adult tourists of Lion Travel are sampled as the research subjects. A total of 400 copies of questionnaires were distributed, in which 276 copies were valid, with the retrieval rate of 69%. SPSS is utilized for the data analyses, and Factor Analysis, Reliability Analysis, Regression Analysis, and Analysis of Variance are applied to testing various hypotheses. The research results are concluded as following. 1. Marketing Ethics presents partially positive effects on Service Process in Customer Satisfaction. 2. Marketing Ethics reveals partially positive effects on Service Structure in Customer Satisfaction. 3. Marketing Ethics shows significantly positive effects on Service Outcome in Customer Satisfaction. 4. Individual Attributes appear to have remarkable effects on the correlations between Marketing Ethics and Customer Satisfaction. © 2014 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest. The ongoing processes of spatial transformation of post-industrial regions attract people's attention, they show new possibilities of development but they are also related with new challenges. A deep analysis of known patterns must be an important lesson as, tirst of all, we observe transformation of other regions, which gives risc to a question about the possibility of using positive model solutions in other urbanistic contexts. Moreover, in every action contributing to the development of a region with traditions, we should use every potential, understood as accumulated energy and closed in facilities, individuals and their mutual relations. The article is divided into five parts: part one - a short history of Nord-Pas de Calais - a coal-mining region with the capital in Lille with 225 thousand inhabitants, next in size are Roubaix and Tourcoing with the population below 100 thousand inhabitants, and the region is divided into 1 56 cantons having, on average, below 26 thousand inhabitants each; part two - a significant introduction to history and spatial issues: part three - a description of corrective measures undertaken Ofl the basis of e.g. an urbanistic analysis from the moment of taking a decision on ceasing coal mine extraction until today; part four - a description of "a concept for the region";conclusions - including a catalogue of actions, prepared by the author, where an important aspect will be the use of elements of spatial values and spatial identity of regions in the process of planning spatial, social and economic transformation. En the article the results of studies conducted in years 2010-2015. based on statistical data analysis, strategic documents analysis and an on-site visit are presented. Background: Smart mobility can contribute to the design of “Smart cities” to answer users’ requests in terms of transport network efficiency, environmental and social sustainability. Focusing on urban smart mobility issues, the most important aspects are the presence of a connected transportation system, the availability of its information in the arrangement of digital data and the possibility to rapidly communicate it in an effective way to the citizens, urban transportation stakeholders andlocal authorities. Therefore, the challenges for the new era of mobility behavior would range from the effort of big data management and the need to shape the innovation of traveler demand to the changes in requirements for road design. Nevertheless, road safety issues and network working operations must consider all the automated vehicles (AV) as part of an intelligent transportation system. There are types of active safety systems that can influence people’s lifestyles. Aims: This chapter highlights the working mechanism, advantages and disadvantages of ICT technology applied to transportation in the field of safety improvement, environmental sustainability, road redesign and traveler behavioral change. These topics become significant for the study of the key elements associated to the issues with automated vehicles, when “Smart cities” will have new urban settings or mixed traffic. Discussion: This paper leads to redefining the mobility paradigm. Moreover, thanks to the innovation by traffic flow facilities and road equipment, it has been possible to conduct some case studies describing driver behavior towards land-use environment, unfamiliar routes and sharing mobility. Conclusion: The current technology applied to the transportation system already represents the outlook of a new kind of mobility. Many features deal with technical details and others face ethic or legal restrictions. A review of the entire transportation network program should be considered by 2020, worldwide, to make the necessary effort to reach a realistic smart mobility. © 2017 Nova Science Publishers, Inc. Home to work travel remains the prime focus of mobility management policies, in which the promotion of carpooling is one of the main strategies. Besides governments, employers are key players in this strive for a more sustainable commute. However, commuting research tends to focus on individual commuters and their place of residence, rather than on workplaces and company-induced measures. Therefore, this paper takes the workplace as research unit to analyse the popularity of carpooling in Belgium. After an exploratory (spatial) data analysis, we incorporate three groups of factors in a multilevel regression model which predicts the share of carpooling at large workplaces: location (accessibility), organisation (activity sector), and promotion (carpool-oriented mobility management measures). Higher levels of carpooling are found at less accessible locations, and in the activity sectors construction, manufacturing and transport. This analysis gives insight in the determinants of carpooling, and may thus contribute to the development of sustainable transport policies. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. This case study includes 73 fatally and nonfatally injured passengers from a level-crossing train crash in Nosaby, Sweden, in 2004. The aim was to identify the injury panorama and the injury objects and to determine the injury-inducing variables. Data were analyzed with descriptive statistics, quantitative content analysis, and multivariate data analysis. The first carriage overturned, and its occupants were the ones who suffered the most severe and lethal injuries. Injury type and injury location for these passengers also differed significantly from the passengers on the other two carriages. Tables significantly influenced injury type and injury location in all carriages, whereas the injured persons' seating position had significant effect only in the second and third carriage. Those who had travelled facing forward with a table in front of them in Carriages 2 and 3 were more likely to have sustained injuries to their abdomen or pelvis. Other injury-inducing objects were seats, interior structures, wood pellets from the truck, and other passengers. Neck sprains were significantly more prevalent among those who had travelled facing backward. Improved train crashworthiness also needs to include interior safety, which would have a potential to reduce crash injuries. © 2014 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group, LLC. Tourism is vital to the sustainability and development of the Pacific Forum Island economies. Australia and New Zealand are major markets for these island nations followed by the US and Japan. The region is prone to tropical cyclones, in most years, typically occurring during the months of November to April. This paper investigates the impact of tourism on economic growth and its contribution to employment in Fiji, Samoa, Tonga and Vanuatu. The paper also examines the impact of income (GDP) growth in visitor origin countries (Australia, New Zealand and the US), the inertial effect on travel destination choice, investment in travel and tourism and extreme weather conditions on tourism receipts in these countries using panel data analysis. In 2012, tourism’s contribution to GDP ranged between an estimated 14.2% of GDP (Tonga) and 50.7% (Vanuatu). The contribution to employment ranged between 13.8% (Tonga) and 44.9% (Vanuatu) of total employment. Travel and Tourism investment ranged between 11.1% (Tonga) of total investment and 28.1% (Fiji). The variable for investment in travel and tourism was not significant which was not surprising. The variable for extreme weather was also not significant, suggesting that other factors mitigate the impact of the seasonal cyclones on tourist arrivals. The impact of Australian GDP was significant but negative, implying that Australian tourists preferred to travel elsewhere rather than to Pacific Island destinations when their income increased. The impact of all other variables tested on tourism receipts was significant and positive. The paper concludes with recommendations to improve the long term sustainability of tourism in this region. © 2014 WIT Press. Commercial shipping cannot readily reduce its dependency on fossil fuels. Ships are large energy consumers and need to carry sufficient fuel for a voyage. The principle of green steaming, when ships travel at slower speeds to arrive just-in-Time, is discussed and a methodology developed to estimate the carbon savings resulting if the industry were to adopt this practice. The method is based on public automatic identification system (AIS) data generated by commercial vessels. A speed profile is estimated for each ship, and based on observed anchoring times, potential savings are computed by back propagating the distance a ship could travel at its slowest observed speed. The methodology is demonstrated for the Port of Gothenburg. There is a discussion of how the methodology can estimate carbon emissions avoided by the global shipping industry. Also considered are the actions needed, particularly regarding digital collaboration, to realize the benefits. This paper presents an analysis of the spatial-temporal evolution of and regional differences in CO2 emissions from transportation in China during the period of 2000-2012 based on a transportation carbon-emission model. A two-way fixed effect model was constructed to examine socio-economic impacts and impacts of urban form and transportation development on CO2 emissions from transportation in China. The results indicated that the total and per capita CO2 emissions from transportation were growing at an annual rate of 9.29% and 8.69%, respectively, and that regional differences were inconsistent during this period. Most socio-economic, urban form and transportation development factors had a significant positive effect on per capita CO2 emissions from transportation. Socio-economic development and increased income were the primary driving factors for the growth of per capita CO2 emissions from transportation. Urban population density, the size of built-up areas and urban road density should be controlled by planning to eliminate increased per capita CO2 emissions from transportation. Urban public transportation had a significant negative effect on per capita CO2 emissions from transportation, while the effect of car ownership was not significant, which indicated that providing well-developed urban public transportation and advocating behavior changes regarding travel were important ways to reduce per capita CO2 emissions from transportation. The findings of this study have important implications for reducing the growth of CO2 emissions from transportation in China and constructing low-carbon and sustainable city space environments. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd. Modern cities are becoming smart where a digital knowledge infrastructure is deployed by local authorities (e.g. City councils and municipalities) to better serve the information needs of their citizens, and to ensure sustainability and efficient use of power and resources. This knowledge infrastructure consists of a wide range of systems from low-level physical sensors to advanced sensing devices through social sensors. This proposed workshop will be a venue for research on digesting the city's data streams and knowledge databases in order to serve the information needs of citizens and support decision making for local authorities. Possible use cases include helping tourists to find interesting places to go or activities to do while visiting a city, or assisting journalists in reporting local incidents. Indeed, this workshop will foster the development of new information access and retrieval models that can harness effectively and efficiently the large number of heterogeneous big data streams in a city to provide a new generation of information services. © 2014 Springer International Publishing Switzerland. The proceedings contain 242 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Science and Technologies in Geology, Exploration and Mining. The topics include: Analysis and research of geo-ecological and geologic conditions of Karabash ore mining area; comparison of basic characteristics of coal from Russian federation and upper Silesian basins; composition peculiarities of the altered ore from goldarseno-pyrite deposit; distribution of Cu in the old Bor flotation tailing dump as a function of future reclamation of the field; finding species of impurity in the mineral on its physical properties; first discovery of unicue calcite-fluorapatite permineralisation of petrified tree in the Czech Republic; geoecology of exploration of mineral resources of the republic of TYVA; geostatistical analysis of the Drenica coal basin - field Skenderaj, Kosovo; gold mineralization in the south Siberia (Russia); integrated geological exploration to power generation plant. case study; low temperature mineralization of cubanite ore of Norilsk types; mineralogical, geochemical characterisation of can volcanics and releated kaolin deposits, Canakkale, Turkey; Nb and Ta minerals found in Orastie mountains, Romania; ore-bearing strata lithology of the Zhezkazgan copper sandstones deposit; organic facies variation from well data on the coaly miocene units, the westhern part of Turkey (Sahinaliaydin); origin and development of the Tuvino-Mongolian massif; pebble clastic particle morphology and surface rounding evaluation studies; perspectives of geothermal energy in Vojvodina with the development of tourism; tectonic phases - dynamic effects of the moments of change of meaning of the radial motions involving earth; the main types of banks of Angara water reservoirs; the Ordovician in Valongo anticline (northern Portugal); the rietveld structure refinement of the epidote crystals from Bucegi conglomerates (Romania) using X-ray powder diffraction data; analysis of ways to improve the legal framework for mineral resources protection and valorisation in terms of sustainable development imperatives; application the software whittle for planning the mining dynamics at the open pit south mining district Majdanpek, Serbia; bridge solids kinematics in linear structures located on mining areas; calorimetric study of basic parameters affecting oxidation of brown coal; characterization of the gas emission regime from praid salt mine; climatic testing of monitoring equipment for measuring mine gases; comparability study of selected factors of assessment of the full-face tunnelling process; comparison of method about use mining waste in the Czech Republic and Poland; comparison of testing methods for rock abrasiveness; complex long time measurements carried out on lignite heap in 2012; comprehensive check measurement of key parameters on model belt conveyor; computer modeling of technological processes in underground mining of manganese ore; considerations regarding the risk of land degradation induced by mining operations in coal open pits; costs of surface mine mothballing in connection with its long-term shutdown; criteria for selecting methods of developing heavy hydrocarbons; description and comparison of different types of priming systems; determining the optimal operating parameters of the wheel bucket excavator at the work in overburden; earth sources exploitation laboratory as a creative type instrument of surface mining visualization and modeling; economic analysis of polymetallic nodules in deep sea floor; economic evaluation of usability of abandoned mining works; evaluation of innovative aspects in mining company; former dump sites and the landfill mining perspectives in Baltic countries and Sweden; impact of acquisition on financial indicators of mining company; importance of gravitational transport in quarries; modelling of level of underground water in surface mining of sands and clays; new devices used in determining and assessing mechanical characteristics of coal; new trends of automation and control of opencast mining technology; operational measurement at digging wheel excavator; possible ways of calculating labour productivity in selected mining companies of the Czech Republic; progressive approach to evaluation of mineral deposits; prospective virtual simulation of ventilation networks; reducing danger of coal dust in coal mines in Czech Republic; regression function application for predicting future extraction of brick making minerals; relevant aspects in risk assessment for mining investment projects; reopening a coal face from petrila mining unit after the occurrence of an explosion; research on the impact of mining activities on road structures from Gorj county; research regarding the capture and usage of the mine gas in the Jiu valley; sealing quality increasing of coal seam gas drainage wells by barrier screening method; smart cart for the mining maintenance support; study of methane flow in caved goafs adjacent to longwall faces in Valea Jiului coal basin; study on noise pollution in careers from mining basin of Oltenia; technical solutions for reducing fresh water input when extracting salt from the Slanic salt deposit prahova; the application of models in the regeneration of landscape affected by coal opencast; the effect of degassing borehole into old mine workings in the quaternary of methane content in the soil air; the study of woody plants for forestry reclamation in the Czech Republic; the technology of managing blasting material for using in the hard rocks in quarries and mines in Kosova; verification of acoustic model of the rock cutting process; ways to improve coal extraction operations in lignite open pits within Olenia basin, Romania; 3D geological model of Bucharest city quaternary deposits; active zone impact on deformation state of flexible pavement; changes in the structure of water inflow into coal mines in Poland; comparison between stochastic and deterministic approaches in slope stability analysis; comparison of methods for the determination of building stone pore space properties; constructive solutions regarding the assembly platforms and access roads for the Tortoman wind turbines; design limits of reinforced soil structures in difficult geological conditions; designing spread foundation with an inclined eccentric load by various standards; determination of an uncertainty of direct shear test results of soils; dynamic analysis of a high road embankments close to a bridge; establishment of natural state of groundawater after the completion of salt mine exploitation in Tuzla; foundation solution with hemispherical foot elements; functionality of TDR piezometers and inclinometers for monitoring of slope deformations; geothermal potentiality of the north-east part of Republika Srpska - Bosnia and Herzegovina; hydrochemical conditions in the region of Dobrudzha coal deposit (NE Bulgaria); hydrogechemical characteristics of waters in Stan Terg deposit, Trepca; hydrogeological characterisation of the groundwater bodies from the southern part of Romania; interpretation geotechnical indices of soil foundation to build a family house, petresti locality, Alba county; meshless solution of the slope stability; modeling of operational behaviour of a railway embankment; nonlinear analysis of a high road embankment; numerical parametrical study on the barrier effect in unconfined aquifers; phenomena characterizing the rheological soil behaviour; probabilistic analysis of reinforced earth walls; repair of the ashlar masonry battlements of Kost Castle within the lapidarius project; rheological aspects of the soil structure; seepage analysis for a shopping center built near a river; soil improvement using the electro-osmosis; stability analysis of the large scale dump in the Czech Republic; studies on the stabilization of expansive soils treated with granular materials; study of a reinforced rockfill dam on deformable foundation using plaxis; study of some foundation solutions for wind turbines; study of the causes of some soil settlings and side discharges on two embankments on DN57; study on application of MEMS sensor network to monitoring method of retaining wall behavior; temporal variability of the groundwater recharge; the application of new slope survey technologies in geotechnics; the applications of Euler-Lagrange coupling in geotechnical engineering modelling; the effect of deviatoric deformation on the compressibility of coarse-grained soil; the presence of rare cromipherous mica in Jiet gorges (Parang mountains); performance of geogrid reinforced fill at inner layer of the rubble-mound breakwater; benchmarking - new method of brown coal separation; cannabis sativa as biosorbent for the removal of heavy metals from aqueous solutions; cobalt mineralization of Tuva, SE Altai and NW Mongolia; evaluation of iron ore sinter structure using a various types of biomass; innovative research in the field of reductive processes; possibilities of utilization of tailing pond after preparation tin-tungsten ores; stability of precursors of the geopolymer binders; the effect of charcoal addition on iron-ore sintering emision; the effect of charcoal addition on iron-ore sintering performance; the intermetallic compounds of gold with lead; thermodynamic study of utilization of charcoal in the iron-ore sintering process; zeolites in medicine and turkey zeolites. The proceedings contain 242 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Science and Technologies in Geology, Exploration and Mining. The topics include: Analysis and research of geo-ecological and geologic conditions of Karabash ore mining area; comparison of basic characteristics of coal from Russian federation and upper Silesian basins; composition peculiarities of the altered ore from goldarseno-pyrite deposit; distribution of Cu in the old Bor flotation tailing dump as a function of future reclamation of the field; finding species of impurity in the mineral on its physical properties; first discovery of unicue calcite-fluorapatite permineralisation of petrified tree in the Czech Republic; geoecology of exploration of mineral resources of the republic of TYVA; geostatistical analysis of the Drenica coal basin - field Skenderaj, Kosovo; gold mineralization in the south Siberia (Russia); integrated geological exploration to power generation plant. case study; low temperature mineralization of cubanite ore of Norilsk types; mineralogical, geochemical characterisation of can volcanics and releated kaolin deposits, Canakkale, Turkey; Nb and Ta minerals found in Orastie mountains, Romania; ore-bearing strata lithology of the Zhezkazgan copper sandstones deposit; organic facies variation from well data on the coaly miocene units, the westhern part of Turkey (Sahinaliaydin); origin and development of the Tuvino-Mongolian massif; pebble clastic particle morphology and surface rounding evaluation studies; perspectives of geothermal energy in Vojvodina with the development of tourism; tectonic phases - dynamic effects of the moments of change of meaning of the radial motions involving earth; the main types of banks of Angara water reservoirs; the Ordovician in Valongo anticline (northern Portugal); the rietveld structure refinement of the epidote crystals from Bucegi conglomerates (Romania) using X-ray powder diffraction data; analysis of ways to improve the legal framework for mineral resources protection and valorisation in terms of sustainable development imperatives; application the software whittle for planning the mining dynamics at the open pit south mining district Majdanpek, Serbia; bridge solids kinematics in linear structures located on mining areas; calorimetric study of basic parameters affecting oxidation of brown coal; characterization of the gas emission regime from praid salt mine; climatic testing of monitoring equipment for measuring mine gases; comparability study of selected factors of assessment of the full-face tunnelling process; comparison of method about use mining waste in the Czech Republic and Poland; comparison of testing methods for rock abrasiveness; complex long time measurements carried out on lignite heap in 2012; comprehensive check measurement of key parameters on model belt conveyor; computer modeling of technological processes in underground mining of manganese ore; considerations regarding the risk of land degradation induced by mining operations in coal open pits; costs of surface mine mothballing in connection with its long-term shutdown; criteria for selecting methods of developing heavy hydrocarbons; description and comparison of different types of priming systems; determining the optimal operating parameters of the wheel bucket excavator at the work in overburden; earth sources exploitation laboratory as a creative type instrument of surface mining visualization and modeling; economic analysis of polymetallic nodules in deep sea floor; economic evaluation of usability of abandoned mining works; evaluation of innovative aspects in mining company; former dump sites and the landfill mining perspectives in Baltic countries and Sweden; impact of acquisition on financial indicators of mining company; importance of gravitational transport in quarries; modelling of level of underground water in surface mining of sands and clays; new devices used in determining and assessing mechanical characteristics of coal; new trends of automation and control of opencast mining technology; operational measurement at digging wheel excavator; possible ways of calculating labour productivity in selected mining companies of the Czech Republic; progressive approach to evaluation of mineral deposits; prospective virtual simulation of ventilation networks; reducing danger of coal dust in coal mines in Czech Republic; regression function application for predicting future extraction of brick making minerals; relevant aspects in risk assessment for mining investment projects; reopening a coal face from petrila mining unit after the occurrence of an explosion; research on the impact of mining activities on road structures from Gorj county; research regarding the capture and usage of the mine gas in the Jiu valley; sealing quality increasing of coal seam gas drainage wells by barrier screening method; smart cart for the mining maintenance support; study of methane flow in caved goafs adjacent to longwall faces in Valea Jiului coal basin; study on noise pollution in careers from mining basin of Oltenia; technical solutions for reducing fresh water input when extracting salt from the Slanic salt deposit prahova; the application of models in the regeneration of landscape affected by coal opencast; the effect of degassing borehole into old mine workings in the quaternary of methane content in the soil air; the study of woody plants for forestry reclamation in the Czech Republic; the technology of managing blasting material for using in the hard rocks in quarries and mines in Kosova; verification of acoustic model of the rock cutting process; ways to improve coal extraction operations in lignite open pits within Olenia basin, Romania; 3D geological model of Bucharest city quaternary deposits; active zone impact on deformation state of flexible pavement; changes in the structure of water inflow into coal mines in Poland; comparison between stochastic and deterministic approaches in slope stability analysis; comparison of methods for the determination of building stone pore space properties; constructive solutions regarding the assembly platforms and access roads for the Tortoman wind turbines; design limits of reinforced soil structures in difficult geological conditions; designing spread foundation with an inclined eccentric load by various standards; determination of an uncertainty of direct shear test results of soils; dynamic analysis of a high road embankments close to a bridge; establishment of natural state of groundawater after the completion of salt mine exploitation in Tuzla; foundation solution with hemispherical foot elements; functionality of TDR piezometers and inclinometers for monitoring of slope deformations; geothermal potentiality of the north-east part of Republika Srpska - Bosnia and Herzegovina; hydrochemical conditions in the region of Dobrudzha coal deposit (NE Bulgaria); hydrogechemical characteristics of waters in Stan Terg deposit, Trepca; hydrogeological characterisation of the groundwater bodies from the southern part of Romania; interpretation geotechnical indices of soil foundation to build a family house, petresti locality, Alba county; meshless solution of the slope stability; modeling of operational behaviour of a railway embankment; nonlinear analysis of a high road embankment; numerical parametrical study on the barrier effect in unconfined aquifers; phenomena characterizing the rheological soil behaviour; probabilistic analysis of reinforced earth walls; repair of the ashlar masonry battlements of Kost Castle within the lapidarius project; rheological aspects of the soil structure; seepage analysis for a shopping center built near a river; soil improvement using the electro-osmosis; stability analysis of the large scale dump in the Czech Republic; studies on the stabilization of expansive soils treated with granular materials; study of a reinforced rockfill dam on deformable foundation using plaxis; study of some foundation solutions for wind turbines; study of the causes of some soil settlings and side discharges on two embankments on DN57; study on application of MEMS sensor network to monitoring method of retaining wall behavior; temporal variability of the groundwater recharge; the application of new slope survey technologies in geotechnics; the applications of Euler-Lagrange coupling in geotechnical engineering modelling; the effect of deviatoric deformation on the compressibility of coarse-grained soil; the presence of rare cromipherous mica in Jiet gorges (Parang mountains); performance of geogrid reinforced fill at inner layer of the rubble-mound breakwater; benchmarking - new method of brown coal separation; cannabis sativa as biosorbent for the removal of heavy metals from aqueous solutions; cobalt mineralization of Tuva, SE Altai and NW Mongolia; evaluation of iron ore sinter structure using a various types of biomass; innovative research in the field of reductive processes; possibilities of utilization of tailing pond after preparation tin-tungsten ores; stability of precursors of the geopolymer binders; the effect of charcoal addition on iron-ore sintering emision; the effect of charcoal addition on iron-ore sintering performance; the intermetallic compounds of gold with lead; thermodynamic study of utilization of charcoal in the iron-ore sintering process; zeolites in medicine and turkey zeolites; a modern method for assesment of RC structure; application of ELER software to Romania's seismic hazard; assessment of buildings vulnerability using non destructive testing; electromagnetic impact of transmission lines on the environment; geophysical parameters of SKOPJE depression; harmonic analysis of secular changes of the orbital parameters and geomagnetic field; influence of the ground motion on the seismic response of plan irregular structures; influence of the  second order effects on lateral drift demand for structures. Coastal areas in Greece play an important role to the economic growth of the country. Especially in the islands as a major tourist destination, new tourist infrastructure is continuously being built. To optimize land use and protect current infrastructure, we need to properly define the waterline. In addition, the waterline is changing dynamically due to climate change and weather conditions, so it has to be monitored. The proposed framework is focused on the automatic extraction of waterline from aerial images using advanced image processing techniques. We plan to integrate the Greek cadastral data in the framework and along with spatial data analysis to be able to proceed with both coastal and cadastral data. Additional functionalities are provided to the planners, through metrics for distance and surface area calculations, in order to extract useful information for sustainable region planning of the coastal area. The results can be visualized in the images with the metrics of interest. Copyright © 2016 by SCITEPRESS - Science and Technology Publications, Lda. All rights reserved. The purpose of this study was to explore the influence of travel conditions on preferred destination, event, and travel characteristics in the context of Active-Sport-Event Travel Carers among cyclists who travel to take part in events. Travel conditions are circumstances surrounding a trip such as travel with family or the length of travel. A sample of cyclists that travel to participate in events (N = 1452) was collected via online survey through cycling organizations and websites. Data analysis consisted of a series of repeated measures ANOVAs and paired sample t-tests. The results indicated an individual's event, destination, and travel-style preferences are dependent on whether he or she was traveling with a non-cyclist (e.g. family member) and the distance traveled. Prior research has suggested that for active sport tourists event criteria are more important than destination characteristics and travel preferences remain relatively stagnant with career progression. In contrast, the findings here suggest travel preferences vary based on travel conditions and that attractive destinations only become advantageous if event participants are traveling with non-cyclists or on trips involving longer distances. For instance when non-participant travel companions are included, the entertainment, attractions, and activities available in the destination become much more important to active event tourists. Communities seeking to attract sport tourists as a form of sustainable tourism development would be advised to organize events incorporating these preferences and to consider the influence of travel conditions. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. Eco-mobility satisfy the basic requirements of transport, traffic and travel, and has lower environmental impacts and resource consumption. Easy and green mobility are the key elements of constructing sustainable communities in urban areas. The convenience of external public transportation and the order of internal mobility were the main concerns of this research on indicators of eco-mobility in the scale of urban community. Based on selecting and analyzing of relevant indicators on assessing the ecological level of urban communities' transporting in previous researches, five key indicators of assessing urban communities' eco-mobility were selected. They were time consuming from home to working place, community parking, the ratio of green transporting, public satisfaction on communities' transporting and parking environment. The integration of objective and subjective assessing method, which contains ground data analysis and residents' survey, was established. Four cases of urban and suburban communities in Beijing, named Minan, Kanglongyuan, Xinhua and Dongsisitiao, were investigated, assessed and compared to study effectiveness of selected indicators and research the ecological level of typical communities' transportation. Four hundreds and five questionnaire were taken, two hundreds and five questionnaire were taken in the studied communities, and other two hundreds questionnaire were taken through the website. Main results were: (1) Time consuming from home to working place within the 60 min was about 75%, and about 7% of the residents spend more than 90 min. (2) Paring was an important issue of mobility in communities' scale. Kanglongyuan community had better parking facility than other three communities, because it was new built community, and the designers had already concern the factors of permeable layer and sunshade. (3) The average ratio of green transporting was 69. 5%, and Kanglongyuan community showed a lower green transporting ratio because it was located in suburban of Beijing city, and the connection of pubic transportation seems worse than other three communities located in urban area. (4) The main reasons affected residents' choice of green measures of transportation were: green transportation costs less (70. 9%), private car are more convenience (60. 7%), and public transportation are often crowed. (5) Residents' satisfaction with public transports was about 46%, and satisfaction with the community park environment was less than 19%. The communities located in the central parts of urban area (Minan, Xinhua and Dongsisitiao community) showed higher satisfaction ratio on public transportation (more than 80%), compared with the community located in suburban area, Kanglongyuan community only had a satisfaction ratio of 42% of public transportation. According to this study, we found that the indicator of the time consuming from home to working place could much more directly reflect the level of easy transporting, compared to the indicators of public bus stations' number and density of road. The ratio of green transporting maybe relevant of the easy level of public transportation. For the government promoting green transportation, on the one side, propagandize should develop to change peoples' con consciousness of environment, and on the other side the level of comfort and accessibility of public transportation should be regarded. One of the consequences of rapid tourism expansion is abrupt pressure on local keystone resources such as water and energy. While novel wastewater technologies have been designed to close resource cycles and thereby diminish resource stress, little research has been undertaken to assess the coupled social, economic, and ecological components of system sustainability and resiliency in these areas. As a result, local decision makers often lack scientific information needed for making evidence-based and context-sensitive choices about new technologies. Involved stakeholders also lack resources to develop appropriate interventions to address human-environmental changes and unintended consequences. This article employs a grounded approach to sociocultural data analysis to critically examine how human perceptions and practices related to water, wastewater, and energy management in a rapidly growing tourist destination on the coast of Belize enable and constrain decision making with regard to technology adoption. Ethnographic research on the Placencia Peninsula in Belize focused on discerning perceptions of acceptability for the recovery of resources such as energy and nutrients from wastewater, local perceptions of health risks and benefits of such recovery, as well as how economic and environmental advantages of these processes intersect with local demands. Research reveals that local understandings are grounded in cultural practices, historical events and processes, contemporary political and economic issues, and variable awareness of environmental change. This study also reveals that the greatest barriers to the adoption and sustainability of new technologies include sharing technical and economic information broadly and providing opportunities for legitimate multilevel stakeholder participation in decision-making processes. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. The proceedings contain 363 papers. The topics discussed include: development of an expert system for water distribution network decontamination; a sampled entropy-based method for estimating lithium ion battery capacity under non-standard operation condition; integrating nurse preferences and organizational priorities into nurse schedules - application to the neonatal intensive care unit; applying lean for servicing relief valves in a process industry; real-time load scheduling using Lyapunov optimization for time shift able loads with time window constraints; a case study on improving first case starts in operating rooms; blockchain technology innovations; application of DEA vs. PLSPM in organizational performance measurement; a hybrid process mapping approach in a public health context; incorporating lean systems in sustainable supply chain design; application of big data in university construction projects; using geographic information systems to improve healthcare services; improve operating rooms performance using lean and statistical methods: a case study; physician preference items - a decision making framework; communication patterns & team performance: a working model; optimizing tiered daily fantasy sports - mathematically modeling DraftKings® NFL millionaire maker tournament; and meeting the UN goal for sustainability of water supplies. Travel demand management (TDM) for achieving sustainability is now considered one of the most important aspects of transportation planning and operation. It is now a well known fact that excessive use of private car results inefficient travel behaviour. So, from the TDM perspective, it is of great importance to analyze travel behaviour for improving our understanding on how to influence people to reduce car use and choose more sustainable modes such as carpool, public transit, park & ride, walk, bike etc. This study attempts an in-depth analysis of commuting mode choice behaviour using a week-long commuter survey data set collected in the City of Edmonton. Using error correlated nested logit model for panel data, this study investigates sensitivities of various factors including some specific TDM policies such as flexible office hours, compressed work week etc. Results of the investigation provide profound understanding and guidelines for designing effective TDM policies. The main purpose of the study is to examine the impact of QOL of local community on sustainable tourism development with destination image as a mediating variable. Research Methodology: The primary data were collected using purposive sampling during January to June, 2015 from 504 local people and 508 domestic tourists from three pilgrimage destinations of Jammu region, India. EFA, CFA and SEM techniques were used for data purification and data analyse. Findings: Study results reveal that community involvement, community development and community well-being and optimum resource utilization in the tourism activities are significant in developing and spawning QOL of local community. Local community QOL has significant impact on the sustainable tourism development and destination image. The results also established partial mediating role of destination image in local community QOL and sustainable tourism development relationship. Originality/ Value: The study makes contribution towards sustainable tourism development literature relating to tourist pilgrimage destinations and fulfills the research gap to some extent by analysing the role of local community QOL in sustainable tourism development and destination image. Implications: Present study can provide inputs to destination marketing organisations (DMOs) to formulate strategic policies which can minimize the potential negative impacts of tourism development and maximise its benefits to the local community QOL. Limitations: The study was conducted amidst few limitations. First, study findings are based on local residents' responses towards pilgrimage destinations due to which results cannot be properly generalized. Second, present study has examined the impact of local community QOL on destination image and sustainable tourism development, other indicators such as tourist satisfaction and behavioural intentions can be incorporated in future research to understand the impact of local community QOL on sustainable tourism development. The proceedings contain 77 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Virtual Enterprises. The topics include: Collaborative systems in support of reindustrialization; product-service sustainability assessment in virtual manufacturing enterprises; the service-dominant ecosystem; industrial transition through product-service systems; simulation-based service process benchmarking in product-service ecosystems; interplay of collaborative networks in product servicing; a cloud-based approach for collaborative networks supporting serviced-enhanced products; value systems alignment in product servicing networks; specification and configuration of customized complex products; intentional creation of innovation networks; circulation of knowledge in a co-innovation network; key roles and process to foster successful firm - university collaborations; an innovative virtual enterprise approach to agile micro and SME-based collaboration networks; conditions for effective collaboration in SME networks based on graph model; a practical management model for supporting virtual organizations creation within their breeding environments; equilibrium traffic flow assignment in case of two navigation providers; integrated large-scale environmental information systems; effective construction process monitoring and control through a collaborative cyber-physical approach; context-aware process modelling through imperative and declarative approach; transformation of models in an MDA approach for collaborative distributed processes; reference model for operation and reconfiguration of a network for subway construction; towards a capability-based decision support system for a manufacturing shop; a meta-model for cooperation systems; cybernetics of the collaborative networks discipline; ontology supported recombination of multi-models; enterprise collaboration network for transport and logistics services; an agile approach to glocal enterprise collaboration; collaborative platform for virtual practice enterprise learning; analyzing mobile services in alternative agrifood networks; interactions patterns in NFC interfaces for applications and services; modeling service life cycles within product life cycles; service-oriented approach supporting dynamic manufacturing networks operations; managing partnership uncertainty for sustainable services; collaborative services for customized production in networked companies; a consolidated DaaS model for situation-informed incident management; understanding SLA elements in cloud computing; smart home information management system for energy-efficient networks; the struggles of co-creation - the highs and lows of involving stakeholders into the service design process; adapting service design tools for the media industries; from service design to innovation through services; simulating the influence of collaborative networks on the structure of networks of organizations, employment structure, and organization value; enhancing collaborative healthcare synergy; the Italian way to stimulate reindustrialization for entrepreneurial and economic development of SMEs; the potential of agritourism in revitalizing rural communities; practicing public intervention in collaborative projects; the evolution of business models within a business ecosystem for cooperative logistic; tourism breeding environment: forms and levels of collaboration in the tourism sector; a risk analysis method for selecting logistic partners to compose virtual organizations; offshoring decision based on a framework for risk identification; modeling of evolution and sustainability of rational trust in dynamic VOs; a model to realise sustainability in networked production and transportation; environmental concerns in the design and management of pallets; assessing supplier sustainability using the analytic hierarchy process; reverse - green virtual enterprises and their breeding environments; promoting remanufacturing through collaboration; modeling a logistics pooling strategy for agri-food SMEs; integrating intangible assets within collaborative networks performance management; how to achieve dynamic and flexible performance management systems for collaborative processes; collaborative inter-firm relationships based on sustainability; a method to quantify the power distribution in collaborative non-hierarchical networks; mass customisation in sustainable networked enterprises; a platform for event-driven agility of processes; collaborative process flexibility using multi-criteria decision making; semantics-based event marketplace; real-time data aggregation in distributed enterprise social platforms; towards a laboratory for socio-economic data analysis; semantic social networks for integrated healthcare and financial industry ontologies for risk and regulation data (FIORD) - a position paper. Exploring how human activity impacts land use/cover change (LUCC) is a hot research topic in the field of geography and sustainability management. Researchers have primarily used socioeconomic variables to measure human activity. However, the human activity indexes mainly based on socioeconomic variables have a spatial resolution that is coarser than traditional LUCC datasets, which hinders a deep and comprehensive analysis. In view of these problems, we selected China's Lijiang River Basin as our study area and proposed the use of GPS trajectory data for analyzing the impact of human activity on LUCC from two perspectives: (1) Type of population: we used the kernel density estimation method to extract the spatial distribution of activity intensity of local residents and tourists, investigated their correlation with the LUCC result, and found these two populations have different impacts on each land cover; (2) Flow of population: we used the Density-Based Spatial Clustering of Applications with Noise (DBSCAN) algorithm and a network analysis method to build a flow network of population from raw trajectories, conducted regression analysis with LUCC, and found that the flow of population is an important factor driving LUCC and is sometimes a more important factor than the static distribution of the population. Experimental results validated that the proposed method can be used to uncover the impact mechanism of human activity on LUCC at fine-grained scales and provide more accurate planning and instructions for sustainability management. © 2017 by the authors. Given increased access to a stream of data collected by location acquisition technologies, the potential of GPS trajectory data is waiting to be realized in various application domains relevant to urban informatics—namely in understanding travel behavior, estimating carbon emission from vehicles, and further building healthy and sustainable cities. Partitioning GPS trajectories into meaningful elements is crucial to improve the performance of further analysis. We propose a method for detecting a stay point (where an individual stays for a while) using a density-based spatial clustering algorithm where temporal criterion and gaps are also taken into account. The proposed method fills gaps using linear interpolation, and identifies a stay point that meets two criteria (spatial density and time duration). To evaluate the proposed method, we compare the number of stay points detected from the proposed method to that of stay points identified by manual inspection. Evaluation is performed on 9 weeks of trajectory data. Results show that clustering-based stay point detection combined with gap treatment can reliably detect stop episodes. Further, comparison of performance between using the method with versus without gap treatment indicates that gap treatment improves the performance of the clustering-based stay point detection. © 2017, Springer International Publishing Switzerland. This work was carried out along the central-eastern coast of Sardinia in a sea cave developed in the limestone cliffs of the Mesozoic, the Cave of Bue Marino (Picture 1), where the sea is rich in biodiversity and which has a large socio- economic and cultural interest. Each year, in fact, this cave is visited by approximately 60. 000 tourists. The problem of compromise between conservation and enhancement of environmental resources is a crucial issue in studies of the environmental economics and economics of tourism. Basic scientific knowledge plays a key role in the planning process of the multiobjective interventions aimed at the preservation, development and use of biodiversity. There are many Analytical approaches and innovative business models for a sustainable tourism development : in scientific literature, a key indicator is represented by the "Tourist Load Capacity" of destinations. His assessment is a key element in planning the management of local resources for tourists and for the people. This is an exploratory case study due to determine whether the current tourist flow should be considered optimal in relation not only to environmental but also to economic and social impact. The Cave of Bue Marino is monitored with the installation of adequate tools for measuring temperature, humidity (relative and absolute), of pressure and CO2. Similarly, the exact number of visitors has been raised by the placement of a "counter" at the entrance of the cave. Data analysis allowed a first ecological and economic assessment of tourism impact on the cave system. The use of this approach may be replicated in other sites of environmental and / or natural interest. These first results can be seen as a useful reference for management and for new research perspectives policies. © Geo-Eco-Trop 2017. All rights reserved. Despite the decades-long demographic decline in the Dalmatian hinterland and the obsolescence of the entire infrastructure, the economic activities which belong to the tradition of rural areas have strengthened over the last years - (organic) agriculture and rural tourism, while manufacturing/business zones have begun to arise due to the newly built and favourable traffic infrastructure that provides good connections within the wider area. The attractiveness of Dalmatia has been recognized by both national and international stakeholders, which can be measured through the more often (co)financing of projects with the aim of sustainability, which includes the revitalisation of heritage with the diffusion of environmentally friendly activities. Therefore, the aim of the study is to gain actual and scientifically verifiable insights that could serve to further planning of green entrepreneurship, pointing to its potential and weaknesses. Almost half of the territory belongs to Natura 2000, which has one of the highest averages in Europe. Examples of the development in agriculture, fisheries, and aquaculture show that natural values are not an obstacle, but an exceptional developmental opportunity. By strengthening the overall tourist attractiveness, the aforementioned activities contribute to rural tourism, which include a wide range of services which can be intertwined with them. However, the secondary data analysis has shown that the preservation of traditions through economics is still a rare phenomenon in this area, usually lacking systematics in planning, infrastructure, and support of the relevant stakeholders. This limits their personal and social effects, while the sustainability and development of the Dalmatian hinterland remains uncertain. © Common Ground Publishing, Renata Relja, Toni Popović, Vicko Tomić All Rights Reserved. The objective of this study was to examine local community participation in the conserve candle festival for sustainability, and to study development guidelines for local community participation in the festival. We used quantitative and qualitative methods. For the qualitative method we provided 400 questionnaires and analyzed them using mean, standard deviation, and Chi-Square tests. For the qualitative approach, we used an invited focus group, including an academician, a businessman, government agencies, and a local philosopher, to discuss and identify development guidelines, and we performed data analysis using descriptive analysis. The results indicate that local community participation in the conserve candle festival for sustainability is important, since the conservation and restoration of the Ubon Ratchathani candle festival is a cultural tourism attraction. However, the local government invited residents to a candle festival meeting at a low level (S.D. =.828); participants in planning (S.D. =.785); had knowledge and understood history (S.D. =.794); community was subsidized from government (S.D. =.811), community acknowledged conservation and restoration (S.D. =.923); government emphasis on community participation in conservation and restoration (S.D. =1.06); and community participation in the transfer of historical and traditional knowledge to the public (S.D. =.756). The guidelines for local community participation in the conserve candle festival for sustainability iterates six goals: 1) transfer knowledge of local culture to local youth; 2) encourage the museum to be the center of local cultural learning; 3) print pictures and descriptions of the candle festival in student notebooks; 4) transfer knowledge of the candle sculptors and carvers to youths; 5) the provincial government should support local philosophers in candle sculpture and transfer their skills and knowledge to local youth; 5) encourage the establishment of the temple as a candle festival learning center; and 6) encourage community enterprises to produce goods and products that communicate the candle festival. © author(s). Tourism destinations are likely to have their own specific needs and strategies for promoting cultural heritage. One of the ways how to meet these needs lies in using the Tourist Satisfaction Software (TSS) that provides insights about the interface between people and technology through their experience of a city's culture. The framework for the software is designed to have a modular structure from which cities can pick and match to their specific requirements. The software uses a statistical algorithm that enables basic data analyses from the information collected. Our paper describes the proposed satisfaction evaluation framework and introduces the concept of decision support software and its potential use. It also presents the results of TSS pilot testing for ensuring its user-friendliness. We summarize the relevant policy implications for measuring tourist satisfaction and learning lessons for decision-makers' support. The complexity of the social, political and economical settings in which tourism enterprises operate, increasingly require them to perform data analytics tasks that rely on data from various domains (e.g., economy, environmental sustainability). A survey of tourism practitioners performed in this study showed that although such cross-domain analytics are important, they are primarily performed by relying on manual data collection and aggregation, which is both time-consuming and error-prone. This paper investigates the suitability of Linked Data technologies to support data aggregation tasks needed for establishing such complex analytics systems. To that end, a prototypical implementation is developed that relies on Linked Data as a technological platform for integrating data from three major tourism data sources: TourMIS, World Bank and Eurostat. Enabled by this integrated data, the ETIHQ Dashboard for data analytics was implemented, the first visual data analytics system that supports cross-domain analytics over tourism, economic and sustainability indicators. An exploratory evaluation performed with practitioners shows that this Linked Data enabled system could potentially bring important improvements in terms of execution times and answer quality when compared to current manual approaches typically used by tourism practitioners in daily practice. © 2016, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. The rapid and inevitable growth of availability of travel information for travellers has increased expectations among policy makers about the benefits of travel information. It is increasingly expected that providing advanced travel information can trigger particular travel behaviors that would contribute to sustainable mobility. Currently, travel information is mostly descriptive and distributed to a group of travellers. This kind of information just provides information about different alternatives without emphasizing which alternative is better to choose. In addition, it ignores differences between individuals. However, to induce travellers to behave in particular ways it may be more effective to recommend one best alternative, which is in line with their preferences and habitual activity-travel pattern. In that sense, the increasing availability of smart phones allows one to issue context-sensitive, personal advice. As a result, dedicated personalized recommendations could be provided, considering personal preferences and optimal control strategies. Such new technology, however, requires advanced data collection and a new generation of models about traveller strategic responses. In that regard, stated adaptation experiments are a proper approach to collect data when the technology still is not available to use in practice. In this paper, we evaluate effects of personalized travel information on individuals' activity-travel behavior. To identify those effects, we introduce an innovative stated adaptation approach to assess possible behavioral changes in the presence of advanced forms of travel information. In the proposed SA approach, first, a detailed profile of individuals' activity-travel pattern for one day is collected. Second, different scenarios are given to subjects, who are asked how they would change their activity-travel pattern under information provision. The provided travel information to each individual is either descriptive or prescriptive. Four scenarios are assigned to each individual. Each scenario is based on attributes of four different. Results of data analysis provide insights into the differential effects of descriptive and prescriptive travel information on activity-travel patterns. In turn, any induced change will provide keys to the effectiveness of travel information for transport demand management. © 2014 The Authors. Organizations adopt diverse strategies to govern the technical and managerial aspects of sustainability implementation processes. The need for better leading and managing people-related issues emerges as companies aim for more effective change towards sustainability. The human aspect of the sustainability implementation process is mostly not paid enough attention, but it can significantly affect the success of a change management program by creating hurdles or easing the process. This study considers three human-related factors: Resistance to change, internal communication, and employee engagement in sustainability activities of organizations. The aim of the study is to explore how these human factors are managed by tourism companies for organizational sustainability. For this purpose four companies from different sectors of tourism are chosen as case studies and the results are examined using qualitative data analysis techniques. The results indicate that the companies which are in a more advanced stage of sustainability implementation manage human factors using a greater number of channels and employ varied strategies. The results can provide insights into how organizations tackle the challenges of managing human aspect and display the practices that contribute to successful change management programs for achieving organizational sustainability through people. © 2016 by the authors. This work presents the results obtained by analyzing behavior patterns of transport users in Novi Sad (Republic of Serbia) with respect to their gender and age. Novi Sad is the second largest city in the Republic of Serbia, and is recognized as a regional administrative, commercial, tourist and cultural center. In addition to its favorable geographical, topographical and climatic conditions, its street and public transport network has considerably developed in recent decades, while its innermost districts have a well developed network of bicycle paths. Presently, the city is characterized by extremely high participation of non-motorized trips (about 48%) and approximately equal contribution of public transport and private vehicles to the motorized travel volume. The aforementioned analysis utilized the information sourced from the NOSTRAM database and the Novi Sad Transport Model. In order to form such a comprehensive database of daily activities, a series of traffic surveys was carried out (household surveys, surveys on the outer cordon, public transport passenger counting, parking space utilization monitoring, etc.). Statistical analysis of the household survey data enabled a comparison of the male and female core travel characteristics. The same methodology was subsequently employed in comparing travel characteristics pertinent to different age groups (children, teenagers, students, working-age population represented by several categories, and pensioners). Data analysis revealed gender differences in the utilization of various transport modes, as well as with respect to travel purpose and daily distribution of key activities. It can be said that, due to the traditional societal values and poor economic conditions, women tend to use passenger car less frequently than men do. The results related to different age groups prompted a discussion on transport accessibility to various population strata and employment level as the potential causes of the observed patterns and low mobility among children. The contribution of this paper is multifaceted, as it provides valuable information for further social and traffic studies, as well as for the creation of sustainable mobility plans for Novi Sad. The patterns revealed here can be applied in the development of mobility schemes of other regional cities characterized by similar economic development and cultural-historical heritage. The value of this work is reflected in the creation of a solid basis for the definition of mathematical models of transport demand and identification of transport policy measures directed toward sustainable mobility. © 2016 The Authors. Air transportation is considered as one way to fast, secure and reliable transfer and is a more efficient alternative to long-distance transportation of passengers and goods, etc. Due to growing increase of air travel demand, environmental pollution resulted from it has been increased. The purpose of present study is investigating effective factors on development of green air transport system in Iran and its impact on sustainable development by taking into account the role of macro and politics. In order to data analyze, structural equation modeling based on partial least squares has been applied in PLS. The results of data analysis suggest that developing green air transport system in Iran at confidence level of 95%, affect sustainable development about 0.138. Moreover, the macro and political factors both affect development of green air transport system sustainable development. So that, macro and political factors have a significant impact, respectively at confidence level of 99 and 95%, on the development of green air transport system about 0.681 and on sustainable development, about 0.190. © Medwell Journals, 2017. Over the past two decades, a growing international trend has been the implementation of Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) as a cost-effective way to enhance urban public transport (UPT) service quality and progress towards sustainable urban transport. To date, in excess of 40 cities worldwide operate BRT within their UPT networks. Despite the international prominence of BRT systems, there has been limited in-depth investigation of their spatial-temporal dynamics. Drawing on a case study BRT system, Brisbane, Australia, we apply a geo-visualisation-based method to a large smart card database to examine spatial-temporal dynamics. The conditional flow-maps (or flow-comaps) are created to visually compare the spatial trajectories of BRT trips and other bus-based trips and their variation by calendar events (i.e., a workday, a weekend, a school holiday and a public holiday). The results highlight (1) marked differences between BRT-based trips to those bus trips undertaken on the broader UPT network; (2) spatial heterogeneity in BRT trips; and (3) the potential of drawing on 'big data' to support evidence-based BRT planning. These findings render important implications with the capacity to inform future BRT strategy as it relates to service management and infrastructure expansion. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to identify and assess an empirical description of how to respond to the needs of future human resource development, and any strategic alliances that have been made by STP Bandung and Bali to respond to global competition. Design/methodology/approach: This study uses a qualitative naturalistic approach, with descriptive methods and case studies. The data were gathered through interviews, observations, and study of the documents. The sampling technique used was purposive. Data analysis was performed using data display, data reduction, and data verification through triangulation process. Findings: STP Bandung and Bali have carried out various strategic measures through the improvement of both their internal and external environments. Strategic alliances with other institutions are oriented toward the improvement of the quality of education. This is in accordance with the vision and mission of the institution where priorities were put on joint programs, organization of students’ internship programs, support for the development of educational institutions, and optimizing the implementation of the three responsibilities of higher education in Indonesia, both in terms of quantity and quality, along with building a culture of research for lecturers. Research limitations/implications: This research still needs improvement since there are some limitations in generating its conclusion. Therefore further research is recommended to increase sample number, i.e. by including, among others, students, graduates, employer communities, and region leaders, and also to involve other private, tourism higher education centers. Practical implications: This study implies that in carrying out its core business, namely, tourism education, STP Bandung and Bali need to strengthen and cultivate the academic and research cultures among faculty members. In conjunction with contributions from research literature and practice, this study confirms the importance of strategic alliances between institutions of tourism education, at the national, regional, and international levels, that are producers of human resources for tourism for the government. Being graduates, they serve as competent members of a government agency responsible for managing a destination or other tourism sectors, at local, provincial, national, regional, and international levels. Social implications: This study also implies that the Ministry of Tourism should implement the model of strategic education management through strategic alliances, so as to increase the capacity of the human resources for tourism, thus directly or indirectly contributing to the quality of city/regional or tourism destination. Originality/value: Research studies on strategic alliance in the field of higher education, especially in the field of tourism are still very limited. This study provides a breakthrough that strategic alliances can not only be done in the business world, but also in the education sector. Results of research on strategic alliances in higher education in Indonesian tourism sector can be used as a reference for higher education providers in tourism at regional and international levels. © 2017, International Tourism Studies Association. This study investigated tourism seasonality and its corresponding management implications for Mana Pools tourist destination. Seasonality represents one of the key challenging characteristics of the tourism industry. This study explored seasonality drivers, impacts on destination performance and the management strategies that have been adopted to alleviate the problems of extreme seasonality. Mana Pools is a peripheral ecotourism destination and protected area in Zimbabwe. The study was largely qualitative in nature targeting participants from both the supply and the demand side. Data analysis exploited the thematic approach. Research findings indicate that tourism seasonality leads to reduced tourist and revenue flows to a destination. Low revenue returns affect the park's long-term sustainability as conservation of natural systems directly depends on availability of financial resources. This was evidenced by stifled conservation programmes, skills flight and dwindling infrastructure in the destination. To curb the severity of seasonality, there is need to improve off season accessibility of the park and to adopt destination yield management strategies during the peak season. Given the element of predictability connected with seasonality, managers at destinations such as Mana Pools should anticipate the various negative impacts and put into action stratagems to adjust to possible negative effects. © 2017 AJHTL. This paper presents a cross-disciplinary thematic investigation into the relationship between cultural heritage and tourism. It systematizes evidence on concepts, policies and strategies and provides an interpretive synthesis illuminating the factors deemed critical by researchers for the sustainable integration of heritage and tourism. It seeks to find consilience to lead to a "new age of synthesis". After an extensive literature review, 483 studies were selected and reviewed, assisted by a qualitative data analysis software (NVivo). The research followed the meta-synthesis approach, particularly meta-ethnography, of identifying findings, grouping findings into categories and grouping categories into synthesized findings, to produce a representative set of 15 synthesis factors. These include local involvement, education and training, authenticity and interpretation, sustainability-centered tourism management, integrated planning, incorporation into a wider sustainable development framework, controlled growth, governance and stakeholder participation, market and product diversification, suitable funding provision, international governance and support systems, a heritage capital approach, effective site management, destination management and a sound theoretical/methodological base. These 15 factors are suggested as the fundamental components of a more efficient theoretical frame and evidence-based policy in the fields of cultural heritage and tourism, aimed at achieving sustainability. © 2011 Taylor & Francis. Many cities across the world are facing challenges from unsustainable travel patterns including growing traffic congestion, overcrowding on public transport and aging transport infrastructure. The city of Brisbane, Australia continues to face extensive population and economic growth, which adds further pressure onto its existing transportation network and thus, the need to implement effective sustainable strategies becomes increasingly important. Ferry transit offers an opportunity for Brisbane, as it runs parallel with many of its major road corridors whilst connecting key areas of the city such as the central business districts, major tertiary education institutions and recreational areas. The system can also be used to bypass disruption on land based infrastructure such as road congestion. However, a better understanding of Brisbane’s ferry network is crucial to determine its potential for facilitating transit for regular commuters. Smart-card data is emerging as a source of insight into the performance of a city’s transport network. Past researchers have used Brisbane’s Go Card data to investigate broad, system-level trends in ferry usage. However, there is little existing literature which conducted microscopic analysis of ferry passenger travel patterns. This paper aims to adopt a more human-centric approach for smart card data analysis, with a focus on developing new visualisations to assist in understanding public transportation networks. Ultimately, three plots were proposed to assist in depicting terminal performance. The first was a box-and-whisker plot for visualising variations in demand throughout the day using a month of smart card data. The second plot was developed using a day of smart card data, and depicts the dwell time duration of each ferry due to individual passengers alighting and boarding. Lastly, a third plot was created to depict dwell time duration due to a specific quantity of alighting, boarding and total passengers for a particular ferry terminal. These plots begin to highlight inefficiencies prominent in the system, which could provide means for future research. © 2017 ATRF, Commonwealth of Australia. All rights reserved. Smart city needs smart mobility—travel should be made as convenient as possible through sustainable urban transport solutions. Transportation systems in many parts of the world are facing unprecedented challenges in the 21st century as increasing population, urbanization, and motorization growth continue to pressure these systems. Hence, cities need smart planning for a sustainable future, and this calls for greater governance across all levels of transportation decision making. Reimagining the role of information technologies (IT) and connectivity in today’s cities enables us to realize the promise of smart mobility through the Internet of Things (IoT) which provides interlinking of vast networks, devices, and data which have thus far never been linked. As such, one of the strategies for smart cities to overcome the urban-mobility challenge is to spearhead the technological leap with big data. Within the frame of smart cities, leveraging big data and IoT is considered to be a key enabler for transforming urban mobility system towards higher flexibility and better integration with existing transport modes, as well as providing smart and sustainable mobility solutions such as sharing concepts, electric vehicles, and autonomous driving. However, the prerequisite for taking advantage of big-data analytics is to first address the issues of data availability and accessibility. Hence, by highlighting the need for urban data, this paper aims to draw attention to the taxi as an essential part of future urban fleets in smart cities for the shift towards sustainable mobility. Taxis solve a niche in the urban-mobility system as they provide to the general public flexible, door-to-door services. Such a semi-private character enables full-area coverage to better support travel demands, and thus the taxi industry has a significant function in the mobility system. However, compared to other transport modes, the taxi is often overlooked and receives little attention from planners and policy makers. So what does the taxi of the future look like? The project “Future Urban Taxi” rethinks the taxi from bottom up. It focuses on howthe taxi: (1) as a vehicle, has to adapt to user demands and specific urban contexts; and (2) as a system, can be integrated into the mobility web of a city in a more effective and sustainable way. This is one of the sub-projects under the initiative “Ambient Mobility Lab” which is supported with funding by the Ministry of Finance and Economics of the federal state Baden-Württemberg in Germany. © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2017. This research attempts to explore tourism stakeholders' attitudes toward the practices of sustainability in Arctic destinations that have been regarded as sacred and pristine places that are susceptible to the influx of tourists. A mixed-method approach involving qualitative and quantitative studies is deployed in the Scandinavian Arctic region to facilitate data collection on three groups of tourism stakeholders: residents, tourists, and tourism operators. From the qualitative study, stakeholder attitudes toward environmental protection and cultural preservation emerge as the exogenous variable influencing the practices of sustainability. A host of questionnaire surveys is conducted at various Arctic destinations and results in 593 questionnaires are used for further data analyses. This research finds that among the three groups of stakeholders studied, tourists exhibit the strongest interest in sustainable tourism development in the Arctic region. Further, path analyses demonstrate that a positive attitude toward cultural preservation is considered as the driving force in promoting sustainable operations in Arctic destinations. A positive attitude toward environmental protection also prompts the stakeholders to consider setting a limit for tourism development in the Arctic. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. This paper promotes the concept of smart and connected communities SCC, which is evolving from the concept of smart cities. SCC are envisioned to address synergistically the needs of remembering the past (preservation and revitalization), the needs of living in the present (livability), and the needs of planning for the future (attainability). Therefore, the vision of SCC is to improve livability, preservation, revitalization, and attainability of a community. The goal of building SCC for a community is to live in the present, plan for the future, and remember the past. We argue that Internet of Things (IoT) has the potential to provide a ubiquitous network of connected devices and smart sensors for SCC, and big data analytics has the potential to enable the move from IoT to real-time control desired for SCC. We highlight mobile crowdsensing and cyber-physical cloud computing as two most important IoT technologies in promoting SCC. As a case study, we present TreSight, which integrates IoT and big data analytics for smart tourism and sustainable cultural heritage in the city of Trento, Italy. © 2013 IEEE. Seasonal phenomena for a tourism destination may be key factors influencing residents’ perceived quality of life, in particular, during peak tourism seasons. Furthermore, these challenges may influence residents’ attitudes toward tourism support in the host community. Numerous studies have discussed the major impacts of tourism, such as economic benefits, social concerns, environmental sustainability, and their associations with residents’ attitudes toward tourism support in the host community. However, few studies have incorporated attributes of seasonal factors into variables regarding residents of the area, including dissatisfaction of living in the community, unsafe feeling due to rise in crime, frustration with traffic, and disruption of quality of life during peak tourism seasons. Therefore, this study attempts to investigate influences of seasonal attributes on residents’ perceptions of tourism impacts and, in turn, residents’ perceived quality life in a cultural-heritage tourism destination. Salem, Massachusetts, was selected for the study site, due to this city’s rich history and cultural heritages that draw tourists from around the world. For example, Salem attracts more than four times its population during the entire month of October, due to the wide range of tourism resources, such as month-long events (Haunted Happenings) in its correlation with the historical event of the witch trials in 1692. Data analysis supported all six hypotheses. Results confirmed seasonal factor attributes adversely affected residents’ perceptions of economic benefits; seasonal attributes positively affected residents’ perceived social costs; seasonal attributes inversely influenced residents’ perceptions of environment sustainability; perceptions of economic benefits positively impacted residents’ perceived quality of life; perceived social costs adversely affected residents’ perceived quality of life; and perceived environment sustainability positively affected residents’ perceived quality of life. Findings from this study could assist tourism decision-makers and planners when establishing local tourism planning and provide strategies to ensure residents’ quality of life year round. More specified managerial implications are discussed as well as limitations of this study and suggestions for future study. © 2014, Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht and The International Society for Quality-of-Life Studies (ISQOLS). Collective awareness is a means by which communities can engage in collective action and crowdsourcing through citizen participation, leading to the accumulation of big data essential for informing decision making and for solving difficult problems. However, engaging a huge number of the general public in a crowdsourcing initiative is a mammoth task. This paper explores the approach implemented by the Crowd4Roads (C4Rs) project, which aims at combining smart sensing, ride sharing and gamification applications to harness collective intelligence for providing open data towards boosting traffic conditions in Europe. Drawing on the theory of gameful/playful successes of using gamification as a motivating and behavioural change tool, Crowd4Roads adopts gamification as an innovative strategy for fostering user-engagement and promoting growth within the projects user acquisition and retention metrics. This paper presents the development approach of the C4Rs' SmartRoadSense system and the design of the gamified layer that is employed to actively engage a large number of users for the pilot trials of the system. The paper provides a discussion and reflection on the development approach. With the advances in industry and commerce, passengers have become more accepting of environmental sustainability issues; thus, more people now choose to travel by bus. Government administration constitutes an important part of bus transportation services as the government gives the right-of-way to transportation companies allowing them to provide services. When these services are of poor quality, passengers may lodge complaints. The increase in consumer awareness and developments in wireless communication technologies have made it possible for passengers to easily and immediately submit complaints about transportation companies to government institutions, which has brought drastic changes to the supply-demand chain comprised of the public sector, transportation companies, and passengers. This study proposed the use of big data analysis technology including systematized case assignment and data visualization to improve management processes in the public sector and optimize customer complaint services. Taichung City, Taiwan, was selected as the research area. There, the customer complaint management process in public sector was improved, effectively solving such issues as station-skipping, allowing the public sector to fully grasp the service level of transportation companies, improving the sustainability of bus operations, and supporting the sustainable development of the public sector-transportation company-passenger supply chain. © 2016 by the author. Silver Beach is a typical sandy plain coast located in the southeastern city of Beihai in Guangxi province, China. Because of its obvious land-use changes and ecosystem deterioration in recent decades, a sustainable development management and environmental protection project should be urgently proposed. Therefore, the remote-sensing images of Landsat are adopted to analyze the land use evolution and to evaluate its ecological security during the past 35 years in Silver Beach of this paper. The results show: in the period of 1979a–2013a, the areas of constructive land and artificial wetland are considerably increased and mainly transformed from cultivated land and forest land. The areas of cultivated land and forest land are substantially reduced accordingly, but the areas of grassland, water area and intertidal zone have no great extent of variation. Its land use intensities are consistently increased, but its land use diversities are abundant before 2000a and then significant decreased. Overall, the land use evolution presents slow in development speed, strengthen in development intensity, down in ecological richness and fragment in spatial patterns. In terms of ecological security, although there has short-term rising of ecological service value and security in 2006a, the whole structure, stability and ecological service function in Silver Beach are declined, and its vulnerabilities are accordingly increased. As a matter of fact, these results are achieved by shortly to improve the utilization rate of the artificial wetland and the intertidal zone resources with the cost of ecosystem structure and stability destruction. The impact factors of leading to above results are not only climatic factors as air temperature, typhoon, tide, but also even more important human activity factors as urbanization, sea reclamation, fishing, tourism and planning management in the studied time period. In consequence, the research findings from this study should be able to help understand the interacting mechanism among above multiple factors and to quantify respective contribution to land use evolution and its ecological security, which would provide an importantly scientific instruction for the future development management protection in Silver Beach. © 2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York. Travel demand management (TDM) for achieving sustainability is now considered one of the most important aspects of transportation planning and operation. It is now a well known fact that excessive use of private car results inefficient travel behaviour. So, from the TDM perspective, it is of great importance to analyze travel behaviour for improving our understanding on how to influence people to reduce car use and choose more sustainable modes such as carpool, public transit, park & ride, walk, bike etc. This study attempts an in-depth analysis of commuting mode choice behaviour using a week-long commuter survey data set collected in the City of Edmonton. Using error correlated nested logit model for panel data, this study investigates sensitivities of various factors including some specific TDM policies such as flexible office hours, compressed work week etc. Results of the investigation provide profound understanding and guidelines for designing effective TDM policies. United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) with designing and developing of the first version of Comfar software, an international economical and financial evaluation of standard model for assessing production and services plans and projects, and selecting optimal use of investment was established for Rijab area of Dalahou district in Iran. The software receives financial and economic data, analyzes them and calculates their economic levels and the possibility of the project conducting. Rijab area, in terms of its geographical location with unique climatic conditions, cultural buildings and monuments, offers itself as a great tourist attraction especially in the West of Country. Developing the region for tourism excellence is one of the objectives of the comprehensive development plan. Therefore, attention to tourism especially rural tourism in this region is essential. The requisite development strongly considers the residence construction in planning of tourism. Hotels are the first local accommodation that should be built with attractive prospects. For this, a financial and economic justification model has to be developed. In this paper, for making application of this universal model, first by using the library and field study methods, the tourist attractiveness of the region is identified. Then, according to the statistics of tourists' inflow to the region, the correct estimation of the hotel is obtained. Afterwards, necessary data for Comfar software such as investment size, location, funding, taxes, design revenues and costs and other information needed to construct a four-star hotel in the area are prepared and installed in two Comfar and Excel software. Finally, financial and economic indexes of the design are analyzed and evaluated for justification. © Indian Society for Education and Environment (iSee). Contemporarily, tourism sector is a highly competitive environment, which forces tourism players to provide better visitor services in order to stay competitive. In rural tourism, a growing niche in the tourism market, multiple components of environmental constructs play a crucial role in contributing to the sustainability and competitiveness of rural tourism destinations. Hence, this study examines the impact of environment components on development of rural tourism destination competitiveness from a local community perspective. In addition, community support was adopted as moderator variable to examine the relationship among the constructs. 299 respondents comprising of residents of rural tourism in Sarawak, Malaysia took part voluntarily in this study. Data analysis was performed using SPSS Version 21.0 and Smart PLS 2.0 (M3) to assess the developed model, based on path modelling and then bootstrapping. Interestingly, the findings revealed that four of the environmental constructs have had a significant positive impact on destination competitiveness from local communities' perspective. © Asian Academy of Management and Penerbit Universiti Sains Malaysia, 2016. Understanding the ecological consequences of visitor use in parks and how visitors interact with resource conditions is essential for avoiding the impairment of park and protected area resources and visitor experiences. This study combined ecological measures of off-trail resource impacts with social science techniques to understand visitor judgments of ecological impacts and visitors' degree of exposure to impacts. Specifically, this paper reports on a novel integration of techniques that was tested in the Bear Lake Road Corridor of Rocky Mountain National Park, CO, USA in which resource change, as a result of visitor use off designated trails and sites, was assessed and combined with social science and visitor use data. Visual survey techniques were used to understand visitor judgments of ecologically important resource impacts and GPS-tracking of visitor use and behavior allowed for the determination of the degree of visitor's exposure to impaired resources. Results suggest that resource impacts are prevalent and intense throughout the area, but tended to be spatially limited in proximity to attraction sites. Visitors are interacting with resource conditions reported to be unacceptable for significant portions of their hikes. Overall, the work represents an advancement of predictive capabilities when managing park and protected area resources. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. This paper looks into the rapid growth of staff and students in Middle East College. Increase in college population and thus resulting in insufficient transportation facilities. Staffs and students prefer to use their own vehicle to commute to college rather using an alternative method. This leads to problems like increase number of vehicles, traffic, parking problems, fuel combustion etc. To overcome this problem Smart Peer Car Pooling System can be used, in which people travelling from nearby source can share the ride to college. Smart Peer Car Pooling System (SPCPS) can be a solution for the given problems. It is an effective means of reducing traffic congestion, waiting time, wastage of resources and fuel consumption, improving social life, reducing the number of accidents and environmental pollution which in turn results in green environment, boosting the economy of the Sultanate of Oman, wellbeing and improving the quality of life of the people. Governments and institutions encourage carpooling to increase high-occupancy vehicle lanes rather than commuters. In this paper, a smart model for Smart Peer Carpooling System will be introduced which is both architecture and business model approaches tested to find solutions for the system based on sustainable mobility. © 2016 IEEE. The socially responsible attitude of tourists is as important as that of organizations because it could encourage more responsible and ultimately sustainable development and/or management of a destination. Domestic tourism can play a noteworthy part in the practice of Social Responsibility (SR) and contribute to the sustainability of a destination. So far, only a few studies have tried to identify domestic tourists’ attitudes with regard to SR, especially at a developing country level, where the domestic tourism market is more dominant than the international one. In Bangladesh, and especially in Cox’s Bazar (CB) no study has so far looked at domestic tourists’ attitudes with regard to the SR component of Responsible Tourism Management (RTM). Accordingly, this chapter aims to identify: a) the factors influencing the formulation of domestic tourists’ attitudes with regard to SR, a component of RTM, in Cox’s Bazar (CB); and b) the extent to which their attitudes vary in terms of their socio-demographic characteristics. The purpose is to identify the most socially responsible tourist segment in order to maximize the positive impacts of domestic tourism, whilst minimizing the negative ones. To achieve the aforesaid aim, the present study tries to integrate three different areas in a single conceptual model. These are a) the SR component of RTM; b) consumers’ (domestic tourists’) attitudes; and c) domestic tourists’ socio-demographic characteristics. A quantitative, single cross-sectional descriptive methodology and research design was adopted entailing descriptive statistics (Frequency Distribution) and multivariate dependence data analysis technique (Multiple Regression Analysis) to analyze 385 samples collected through Systematic Random Sampling. Based on the findings, the present study argues Bangladeshi tourists have moderately positive attitudes with regard to the SR component of RTM. However, there is scope for further improvement. Further, there is a close link between tourists’ attitudes and their socio-demographic characteristics, whilst the involvement of Destination Management Organizations (DMOs) could help to enhance the positive attitudes of Bangladeshi tourists with regard to RT practices at CB, Bangladesh. © 2017 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved. Many commentators suggest that tourism could help fund the ever growing number of protected areas. The traditional reliance on government sources to support protected areas is increasingly untenable, in both the developed and developing world. This paper reviews the relationship between tourism and protected areas to assess opportunities for sustainable funding to assure effective stewardship. It explores a range of innovative and creative alternative funding mechanisms which could be consistent with a positive evolving relationship between tourism and protected areas. An outline classification of four protected area archetypes for management and funding purposes is suggested, based on a combination of visitation and biodiversity levels. To service the management of those four types, a series of non-government revenue streams are explored such as payments for ecosystem service (ES), environmental mortgages, intrinsic value funding, carbon abatement funding and research dividend funding. Issues discussed include: the willingness to pay on the part of potential visitors, the potential impact of fees on visitation, "quarantining" particularly valuable ecosystems from visitation and intrinsic value funding, the unpredictability of environmental mortgages and the potential stability of ES payments. Further research is required in data analysis and into the design of land tenure systems and regulatory mechanisms. © 2014 Taylor & Francis. In urban planning, the Potential Surface Analysis (PSA) technique is widely used for analysis. This method requires an appropriate ranking for weighting the PSA's factor based on the physical data of the studying area. However, PSA is a complex analytical technique and uses a variety of parameters for calculating. Geographic Information System (GIS) plays an important role in analyze and increase the accuracy of weight of parameter in PSA approach. To create the physical database, the parameters of the urban area were considered. The PSA data are generally collected from the field. It is not convenient, and demands more time, man power and money. However, this research uses a THEOS satellite data analysis technique with Object-based Classification approach which can be discriminated the main characteristics being considered into segmentation. The use of this technique can reduce the procedures in the classification and also being update with current information. In this research, Hua Hin Municipality, Prachuap Khiri Khan Province was considered for study area. Due to the current large number of developers investing in Hua Hin area, the environment is subject to change quickly resulting in urban sprawl. The results of this study show that GIS technology can be applied with potential surface analysis for urban planning application, in order to promote sustainable tourism and effective management of Hua Hin. Nowadays, tourism in Albania has been considered a new phenomenon. Its growth needs to be managed in order to provide a successful future of tourism and an increase of the potential contribution of tourism for the country's sustainable development. This requires tourism to be developed in a sustainable manner. This study focuses on the perceptions towards sustainable tourism development in Albania. The purpose of this study is to analyze students' perceptions towards tourism development in Albania in order to understand the nature of tourism impacts in the three dimensions of its development. To obtain necessary data, a structured questionnaire was delivered on-line to all students of the MA program on "Sustainable Tourism Management" at University of Shkodra "Luigj Gurakuqi". Liker-scale was used to measure the perceptions of the students on tourism development in Albania. The findings from descriptive data analysis provide evidence on the costs and benefits of current development of tourism and also provide students' suggestions on a sustainable future of tourism in this country. In general, tourism students' knowledge and perceptions towards sustainable tourism development in Albania have not been analyzed up to now. Through this study we hope to contribute to filling this gap, by offering the first empirical study that measures students' knowledge towards sustainable tourism development and their suggestions to promote it. Findings of this study are an important contribution for setting up the strategy of sustainable tourism development in Albania. This study is advances the idea of brilliant and associated groups SCC, which is developing from the idea of brilliant urban areas. SCC are imagined to address synergistically the necessities of recalling the past (safeguarding and renewal), the necessities of living in the present (reasonableness), and the requirements of arranging for the future (feasibility). Along these lines, the vision of SCC is to enhance reasonableness, protection, renewal, furthermore, feasibility of a group. The objective of building SCC for a group is to live in the present, arrangement for the future, and recollect the past. We contend that Internet of Things (IoT) can possibly give a universal system of associated gadgets and shrewd sensors for SCC, and huge information examination has the potential to empower the move from IoT to continuous control craved for SCC. We highlight versatile crowd sensing and digital physical distributed computing as two most essential IoT advancements in advancing SCC. As a contextual investigation, we display Tre Sight, which coordinates IoT and enormous information examination for brilliant tourism and maintainable social legacy in the city. © 2016, International Journal of Pharmacy and Technology. All rights reserved. The purpose of this study is to examine the perspectives of tourism stakeholders regarding sustainable tourism outcomes in protected areas. We compared the responses of residents with residents, and tourists with tourists, in two protected areas of Nepal, namely, the Annapurna Conservation Area and Chitwan National Park. Tourism sustainability was evaluated with six tourism impact subscales measuring negative and positive ecological, economic, and social impacts. Data were collected using the survey method. Respondents included 230 residents and 205 tourists in Annapurna, and 220 residents and 210 tourists in Chitwan. Data analysis involved a series of multigroup confirmatory factor analyses with Annapurna and Chitwan as comparison groups and tourism impact subscales as latent constructs. Results revealed that residents and tourists perceive positive and negative impacts differently across protected areas. This suggests that the form of tourism development affects the sustainability outcomes in protected areas. Theoretical, methodological, and practical implications are discussed. © 2014, The Author(s) 2014. The research involved a carbon-based environmental assessment and data analysis of 30 Higher Education (HE) courses in campus-based and distance education systems in fifteen UK institutions that were using a range of teaching models to provide teaching, learning and assessment. The increasing pervasiveness of Information and Communication Technologies (ICTs) combined with new pedagogical approaches and practices to using them, is creating innovative teaching models. There has been little research on the environmental sustainability of complex HE teaching models whether face-to-face, distance-taught (print-based), online, or blended. This raises questions about whether greater use of ICTs in HE has better or worse environmental impacts than more traditional models. To be able to compare environmental impacts across a wide range of HE courses, we developed a classification of teaching models, using lecturers’ ratings to establish the use of online, face-to-face, print-based distance, or ICT-enhanced blended teaching models. Next the environmental assessment methodology was designed to inform data gathering and analysis of the key sources of carbon impacts associated with HE courses, including: staff and student travel; purchase and use of ICT devices and educational materials; residential energy consumption; and campus site operations. This chapter examines the role of ICTs in UK-based HE teaching models and their carbon-based environmental impacts and identifies models and practices that will benefit sustainability drives in HE. © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2013. To date social research into the institutional aspects of sustainable urban water management has predominately been conducted in developed urban contexts, resulting in a significant lack of insight into the institutional drivers and barriers in developing urban centres, which this research begins to address. This research project investigated the understanding, perceptions and motivation relating to the transition to sustainable urban water management practices in the rapidly growing urban centre of Port Vila, Vanuatu. The need for improved urban water management, practitioners' awareness of potential solutions, barriers and opportunities to implement solutions were investigated through semi-structured, in-depth interviews with more than 40 individuals who were identified as having a significant role in urban water management from national and local government, aid and development agencies, consultants, and the tourism sector. The data analysis revealed that in contrast to developed contexts where socio-institutional barriers are the primary barriers to transitioning to SUWM, in Port Vila there continue to be a number of technical barriers limiting the potential to transition. Skills development regarding both technical and socio-institutional capacity will be essential for enabling the transition to SUWM in Port Vila in the coming years. This paper identifies initiatives related to corporate social responsibility (CSR) in the airline industry and evaluates the overall state of their adoption as reported by members of the three largest airline alliances. Of 41 airlines, only 14 had annual CSR reports publically available in January 2009. Reports were analyzed using a qualitative content analysis approach. Results showed a stronger focus on environmental issues than on the social or economic dimensions of CSR. Of the seven major environmental themes examined, emission reduction programs predominate. Other environmental issues receive much less attention, with no single other initiative implemented by all airlines. Four social and environmental themes were found, including employee wellbeing and engagement, diversity and social equity, community wellbeing and economic prosperity. The data analysis supported the arguments made in the literature that the airlines report CSR initiatives using differing or inconsistent measurements, making evaluation and comparison of their performance and effectiveness difficult. Although a large number of airlines publishing CSR reports discussed their achievement of major goals (reduction of emissions, increasing community involvement or increasing workforce diversity), a much smaller number provided detailed information relating to specific initiatives implemented in order to contribute to these goals. Further, important issues for CSR research are posed in the paper. © 2011 Taylor & Francis. Smart city needs smart mobility-travel should be made as convenient as possible through sustainable urban transport solutions. Transportation systems in many parts of the world are facing unprecedented challenges in the 21st century as increasing population, urbanization, and motorization growth continue to pressure these systems. Hence, cities need smart planning for a sustainable future, and this calls for greater governance across all levels of transportation decision making. Reimagining the role of information technologies (IT) and connectivity in today's cities enables us to realize the promise of smart mobility through the Internet of Things (IoT) which provides interlinking of vast networks, devices, and data which have thus far never been linked. As such, one of the strategies for smart cities to overcome the urban-mobility challenge is to spearhead the technological leap with big data. Within the frame of smart cities, leveraging big data and IoT is considered to be a key enabler for transforming urban mobility system towards higher flexibility and better integration with existing transport modes, as well as providing smart and sustainable mobility solutions such as sharing concepts, electric vehicles, and autonomous driving. However, the prerequisite for taking advantage of big-data analytics is to first address the issues of data availability and accessibility. Hence, by highlighting the need for urban data, this paper aims to draw attention to the taxi as an essential part of future urban fleets in smart cities for the shift towards sustainable mobility. Taxis solve a niche in the urban-mobility system as they provide to the general public flexible, door-to-door services. Such a semi-private character enables full-area coverage to better support travel demands, and thus the taxi industry has a significant function in the mobility system. However, compared to other transport modes, the taxi is often overlooked and receives little attention from planners and policy makers. So what does the taxi of the future look like? The project "Future Urban Taxi" rethinks the taxi from bottom up. It focuses on how the taxi: (1) as a vehicle, has to adapt to user demands and specific urban contexts; and (2) as a system, can be integrated into the mobility web of a city in a more effective and sustainable way. This is one of the sub-projects under the initiative "Ambient Mobility Lab" which is supported with funding by the Ministry of Finance and Economics of the federal state Baden-Württemberg in Germany. © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2017. Policies on spatial planning and on mobility often take it for granted that a location policy that favours situating human activities near junctions of public transport results in a frequent use of sustainable modes of transport. But in the daily practice of mobility planning we come across more and more critical statements. As the Flemish Ministry of Mobility and Public Works considers investing resources in an improved location policy, they asked for evidence on the possible results of location policy on sustainable commuting in a Flemish context, including Brussels. Quite exceptionally, we utilise the individual census data from nearly all 1, 2 million Flemish commuters. These detailed data allow a precise description of the commuter characteristics of different locations and allow the construction of a robust geographical pattern. We focus the analysis on four kinds of locations: railway stations, public transport junctions, urban areas and areas with a high economic density. An exploratory data analysis suggests that people working and/or living in these areas travel less distance, especially by car, and make more use of public transport and slow modes. A cluster analysis shows that there are spatial differences, resulting in clear geographical patterns, which suggest that policies should be spatially differentiated. As a result, we support the idea of using location policy to produce more sustainable commuting. From a methodological point of view, we conclude that census data are irreplaceable to meet the requirements of spatial representativity needed to construct detailed geographical patterns of commuting. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. We investigate the travel mode choice behaviour of both resident and cross-border workers in Luxembourg. Two categories of mode choice are considered: sustainable (public transport) and unsustainable (single occupancy car use), which both depend on a large set of spatial and sociodemographic variables. In particular, we determine whether and how the borders of the four countries involved (Luxembourg, Belgium, France, Germany) affect this choice. The results of a classical binary logistic regression model show that significant variables depend on the area of residence and that some border effects are relevant in the context of the studied cross-border areas. Moreover, the identification of these various border-effect variables does not require the use of big data processing techniques. Therefore the proposed method can be applied generally to other cross-border areas with an open border context to highlight the effects of border on functional integration. This study is helpful in terms of developing a better understanding of the determinants involved in the use of sustainable transport modes and in supporting decisionmaking to improve transport planning. © 2015 Editorial Board EJTIR. All rights reserved. A social determinants approach proposes that enhancing living conditions in areas such as income, housing, transportation, employment, education, social support, and health services is central to improving the health of urban populations. Urban development projects can be costly but have health impacts. The benefit derived from the creation of man-made lakes in developing countries is usually associated with great risks; however, the evidence for physical and non-physical health benefits of urban man-made lake is unclear. The aim of this paper is to formulate a conceptual framework of associations between urban man-made lakes and social determinants of health. This study was a qualitative study carried out using one focus group discussion and 16 individual interviews. Data were analyzed based on deductive-inductive content analysis approach. Participants' points of view were analyzed within 261 codes. Data analysis matrix was the conceptual framework of social determinants of health commission and its sub-groups, thus, two structural and mediating determinants categories as well as their sub-sets were created accordingly. In addition, some extra sub-sets including environment, air quality, weather changes, noise pollution, pathogenesis, quality of life, shortage of available resources, region popularity, ethnicity, tourism, social and physical development of children, unintentional injuries, aesthetic, and spirituality were extracted beyond the matrix factors, which were placed in each of above categories based on their thematic content. This paper has illustrated that the quality and type of man-made lake provided within communities can have a significant and sustained impact on community's health and wellbeing. Therefore, in order to strengthen positive effects and reduce negative effects of any developmental projects within community, their impacts on public health should be taken into consideration. This research aims to assess and analyse the impact on sustainability of collaborative video-conferencing ICT capabilities within a commercial setting for a large global organisation. A list objectives are: to audit the current operating model from an ICT perspective of the IT Architecture department, to investigate the extent and nature of use of ICT video-conferencing capabilities and to quantify the proportion of meetings undertaken using it, to provide a synopsis of current literature in the domain of greening by IT, specifically those contributions relating to the use of video-conferencing ICT capabilities, to critically evaluate the opportunities presented by video-conferencing ICT capabilities to contribute to more sustainable practices. Based on our findings, the effects of ICT equipment for video conferencing is as follows: (i) positive primary enabling impact of 15932.83 tCO2e through reduced travels, (ii) direct emissions due to the use of the ICT equipment is 26.47 tCO2e, (iii) calculated net enabling effect is a saving of 15,906.36 tCO2e. © 2016 IEEE. Whilst there is an increasing capability to instrument smart cities using fixed and mobile sensors to produce the big data to better understand and manage transportation use, there still exists a wide gap between the sustainability goals of smart cities, e.g., to promote less private car use at peak times, with respect to their ability to more dynamically support individualised shifts in multi-modal transportation use to help achieve such goals. We describe the development of the tripzoom system developed as part of the SUNSET—SUstainable social Network SErvices for Transport—project to research and develop a mobile and fixed traffic sensor system to help facilitate individual mobility shifts. Its main novelty was its ability to use mobile sensors to classify common multiple urban transportation modes, to generate information-rich individual and group mobility profiles and to couple this with the use of a targeted incentivised marketplace to gamify travel. This helps to promote mobility shifts towards achieving sustainability goals. This system was trialled in three European country cities operated as Living Labs over six months. Our main findings were that we were able to accomplish a level of behavioural shifts in travel behaviour. Hence, we have provided a proof-of-concept system that uses positive incentives to change individual travel behaviour. © 2015 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. This chapter explains the overview of big data; the volume, velocity, variety, veracity, and variability of big data; the privacy and security of big data applications; big data and multimedia utilization; the concept of MapReduce; the concept of Hadoop; big data and data mining; big data and cloud computing; the applications of big data in health care industry; the applications of big data analytics in tourism and hospitality industry; and the challenges and implications of big data in the digital age. Big data is the large volumes of data of high velocity and their variety requiring information processing to add value to the information in the future. The chapter argues that applying big data has the potential to increase organizational performance and gain sustainable competitive advantage in the digital age. © 2016 by IGI Global. All rights reserved. The goal of the present thematic series is to showcase some of the most relevant contributions submitted to the ‘Telecom Italia Big Data Challenge 2014’ and to provide a discussion venue about recent advances in the appplication of mobile phone and social media data to the study of individual and collective behaviors. Particular attention is devoted to data-driven studies aimed at understanding city dynamics. These studies include: modeling individual and collective traffic patterns and automatically identifying areas with traffic congestion, creating high-resolution population estimates for Milan inhabitants, clustering urban dynamics of migrants and visitors traveling to a city for business or tourism, and investigating the relationship between urban communication and urban happiness. © 2015, Lepri et al. Volunteer tourism is the fastest growing segment of the alternative tourism market and often a key feature of sport-for-development organizational models. The growing commercialization of this alternative tourism threatens efforts to build a sustainable model of long-term positive outcomes for both the host community and guest volunteers. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the motivations and impacts that a long-term international experience with a sport-for-development initiative had on volunteers from the United States. The authors spent five weeks in Granada and conducted semi-structured interviews with key personnel including out-going yearlong volunteer interns, incoming yearlong volunteer interns, and local Nicaraguan full-time staff. Guided by the volunteer motivational literature, data analysis illustrated three key findings. The most prominent theme involved the motivation of going abroad to gain a cultural experience, in particular to increase global understanding and provide social gains. In addition, our results illustrate the motivations of one's career and professional goals, and the ability to give back to a foreign culture through the use of sport. This demonstrates the potential for sport-for-development organizations to successfully incorporate volunteer tourism into a sustainable model based on specific volunteer recruitment and structure of their experiences. © 2016 Taylor & Francis. The article uses survey data from Sweden to examine social consequences of the mobile society. Key questions tackled include the implications of overnight work travel for the travellers' ability to cultivate locally based and long-distance friendships and the potential of travel to provide a source of new acquaintances. Data analysis indicates that widening social networks and increasing opportunities to achieve co-presence with long-distance friends, as brought by mobility, represent significant consequences of overnight work travel from an individual's standpoint. This experience was salient even among those respondents who travelled no more than occasionally, while only the most frequent travellers perceived their travel as something impeding with their chances of sustaining local social ties. While the benefits deriving from travel thus seem incontestable, it may therefore not be possible either to entirely discard the prevalent notion of mobile lifestyles as a factor undermining social cohesion and promoting isolation and loneliness. © 2010 Taylor & Francis. This report describes a Department of Defense humanitarian assistance project to develop and build a regional computer-assisted laboratory-based electronic disease surveillance system in the Caribbean basin. From 1997 through 2000, the project donated 146 computer systems and trained more than 250 personnel from 14 ministries of health to operate this system. This humanitarian mission provided the region with a sustainable and locally maintained and operated surveillance system having a broad and long-term impact on public health. It has improved data gathering, analysis, and reporting at the local, national, and regional level. Benefits to the region include the dissemination through the Internet of increasingly timely and accurate information on the incidence and prevalence of endemic, epidemic, and newly emerging diseases. This serves the Caribbean residents, travelers, and U.S. national interests. The project is a model for cooperative Department of Defense capacity building and training programs in support of partner countries and international public health agencies. National parks are designated for environmental protection and recreation purposes, which have a close relationship with tourism development. Many national park authorities (NPAs) have recognized the need to establish a more market-driven, sustainable strategic approach to develope tourism therein. For NPs, tourism marketing can serve as a powerful tool to achieve the mandated missions of protecting ecosystem, providing recreation, and fostering social-economic development in local communities, especially in the postdisaster/crisis period. Taking China's Jiuzhaigou National Park (JNP) as an example, a secondary data analysis was conducted to explore the international tourist markets for JNP before and after the 2008 Wenchuan earthquake. Some marketing recommendations were then put forward for JNP's tourism recovery and sustainable development. © Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. The growing proportions of older people in rural areas have implications for the provision of health and social care services. Older people are more likely to have complex health needs compared with other age groups, requiring a full range of primary, community and acute hospital services. The provision of services to older people in rural areas is challenged by diseconomies of scale, travel costs and difficulties in attracting staff. Policy-makers are requested to include the 'voice' of older people to help provide services that match needs and context. In spite of this, what older people want from health and social care services is a neglected area of investigation. The reported study was conducted in 2005/2006 as part of a European Union Northern Periphery Programme (EU NPP) project called Our Life as Elderly. Its aims were to explore the views of those aged 55 years and over and living in remote communities about current and future health and social care service provision for older people. Evidence was to be collected that could inform policy-makers about changing or improving service delivery. This article summarises emergent themes and considers their implications. The study selected two small remote mainland Scottish Highland communities for in-depth case study. Semi-structured interviews (n = 23), 10 'informal conversations' and 4 focus groups were held with community members aged 55 years and over, in order to provide different types of qualitative data and 'layers' of data to allow reflection. Data analysis was assisted by computerised data management software and performed using the 'framework analysis' approach. Participants did not consider themselves 'old' and expressed the need for independence in older age to be supported by services. Several aspects of services that were undergoing change or restructuring were identified, including arrangements for home care services, meals provision and technological support. Participants valued elements of the traditional model of care they had been receiving: these were local, personal emphasis and continuity. They were suspicious of new arrangements perceived to emphasise technical efficiency. Health and care services were described as inter-linked with other aspects of rural living, including transport and housing (which might have to be relinquished to pay for care). Proximity to family was desired for social and domestic support only; health and related support should be from generic service providers. Community members were involved in reciprocal help-giving of many types. The findings compare with results of other studies of older rural people internationally, and generic 'principles' of service derived could guide restructuring. There may be systemic challenges to empowering older people's 'voice' in designing sustainable rural services that stem from society's views of older people, attitudes of communities to collective roles and responsibilities, and the fragmented ways that services are sometimes provided. This paper discusses the value and scope of geographical information systems (GIS) in tourism planning. The discussion focuses on the functionality and application of GIS in tourism development projects (TDPs) before moving on to assess the level of current interest and adoption of the technology through studies of tourism and GIS consultants. The paper argues that GIS can bring significant added value to decision making through data analysis, modelling and forecasting. A literature review focuses on TDPs in sensitive environmental and cultural contexts where the sustainability is a prime consideration. Many of these applications suggest that GIS is well suited to the practice of tourism planners but the findings of the studies suggest a limited use of the technology. Reasons for this lukewarm response include a limited awareness of GIS functionality, a preference for using tried and tested non-computer-based methods of planning, and a widespread avoidance of the technology because of the (assumed) high procurement costs involved. Some tentative recommendations are made on how to improve the accessibility of GIS to tourism planners. © 1999, Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. All rights reserved. Accessibility and mobility within the urban environment has been dictated by the design and layout of buildings and road infrastructure. Both, in their separate ways, have created problems of safety and crime which have conspired to limit pedestrian confidence and therefore movement and travel choice amongst particular groups. Benchmarking of accessibility does not tend to reflect everyday journeys and trips taken or desired, and the perceptual barriers felt by many people. This article reports on a five year research study into accessibility, urban design and social inclusion (AUNT-SUE), funded under the EPSRC's Sustainable Urban Environment programme. The development and validation of a street design index and evaluation of routes is presented through a test bed case study based on user consultation with groups experiencing barriers to pedestrian access, 'fear of crime' and therefore to engagement with the transport system and wider social inclusion. This involves the use of GIS-participation techniques and map walks with residents, integrated with digital data analysis and visualization of the whole journey environment. Particular attention is paid to the mobility and journey needs of users, as well as perceptual and safety issues, since these present some of the major barriers to transport access for vulnerable groups. The study was conducted primarily to determine the management dynamics of conflict and cooperation in tourism development in tribal people. The objectives were to describe the processes involved in internal conflict and cooperation and its management, and determine and analyze the type of conflict and cooperation among members within the community. Ban Ruammit was selected as a sample of tribal community which has contributed to tourism development in the Northern Thailand. A total of 140 samples were purposively selected and served as respondents of this study. Data were gathered through individual and focused interviews, and secondary sources of information. Descriptive and inferential statistics were used in the data analyses. Result showed that conflict among members in the tourism activities was generally low, while cooperation was within the level of moderate. Type of conflict is more of an interpersonal type, whereas type of cooperation of local community was mostly of informal type, which was common in rural organizations. Factors such as main occupation, length of residence, length of group membership, gross annual family income, interdependency, social sensitivity, ascendant tendency, dependability and government assistance had relationships with level of conflict. While, interdependency, dependability, satisfaction with the existing sustainable tourism, cultural sensitivity, and sharing in benefits from natural resources were related to level of cooperation. Background: The Weight Loss Maintenance Trial (WLM) is a multi-center, randomized, controlled trial that compares the effects of two 30-month maintenance interventions, i.e., Personal Contact (PC) and Interactive Technology (IT) to a self-directed usual care control group (SD), in overweight or obese individuals who are at high risk for cardiovascular disease. Purpose: This paper provides an overview of the design and methods, and design considerations and lessons learned from this trial. Methods: All participants received a 6-month behavioral weight loss program consisting of weekly group sessions. Participants who lost 4 kg were randomized to one of three conditions (PC, IT, or SD). The PC condition provided monthly contacts with an interventionist primarily via telephone and quarterly face-to-face visits. The IT condition provided frequent, individualized contact through a tailored, website system. Both the PC and IT maintenance programs encouraged the DASH dietary pattern and employed theory-based behavioral techniques to promote maintenance. Results: Design considerations included choice of study population, frequency and type of intervention visits, and choice of primary outcome. Overweight or obese persons with CVD risk factors were studied. The pros and cons of studying this population while excluding others are presented. We studied intervention contact strategies that made fewer demands on participant time and travel, while providing frequent opportunities for interaction. The primary outcome variable for the trial was change in weight from randomization to end of follow-up (30 months). Limitations: Limits to generalizability are discussed. Individuals in need of weight loss strategies may have been excluded due to barriers associated with internet use. Other participants may have been excluded secondary to a comorbid condition. Conclusions: This paper highlights the design and methods of WLM and informs readers of discussions of critical issues and lessons learned from the trial. © Society for Clinical Trials 2008. Vocal fold augmentation by injection laryngoplasty is a simple and fast procedure. The aim of this prospective study was to assess the glottal closure and the travelling mucosal wave by videostroboscopic images after autologous fascia augmentation in unilateral vocal fold paralysis (UVFP) with a special reference to objective analysis of voice. A total of 14 UVFP patients with poor voice and open glottal gap were assessed by videostroboscopy, blinded perceptual evaluation of running speech and acoustical analysis of sustained vowel. Data were collected before the procedure and at a supplementary evaluation 5-32 months (mean: 13 months) after injection of autologous fascia deep into the paralysed vocal fold. Mean age was 59 years; there were eight women and six men. Frame-by-frame video analysis revealed that before the operation 10 out of 12 had large glottal gaps without any contact between vocal folds on phonation. After the procedure seven gaps were completely closed, four partly, and two had no mucosal contact in stroboscopic examination. Maximum gap between vocal folds decreased from 7.21 units to 1.65 units (paired t-test P<0.001). Mucosal wave amplitude symmetry and phase synchrony were present in most subjects with partial closure and phase synchrony in every patient with a proper glottic closure. A panel of listeners rated voice to be significantly better (P<0.01) after the procedure, and the improvement in acoustical parameters was also statistically significant (P<0.01). There was a good correlation between objective voice analysis and videostroboscopy. Residual glottal gap was the major reason for less than optimal postoperative voice. No signs of hampered mucosal wave were noticed. Videostroboscopy and objective voice analysis suggest that augmentation by autologous fascia does not induce scar or fibrous tissue in the subepithelial space. Slight over-correction should be attempted initially in order to accomplish sufficient augmentation. This might enhance complete glottic closure and improve the outcome. © Springer-Verlag 2003. The SPIn-Eco project has been proposed and funded with the aim of studying the Province of Siena (Italy) and the Communes in which it is divided from the viewpoint of sustainable development. Several sustainability indicators, especially originating from holistic approaches, are used. These indicators point out the weak and strong points for the territory with respect to sustainability and the results will be offered to the policy makers as tools for planning. Indicators which will be used are the result of the following methodologies: Ecological Footprint Exergy analysis Emergy evaluation Natural capital and ecosystems services accounting Greenhouse gases balance Remote sensing data analysis Life Cycle Assessment Some of these approaches will be used at a "micro" scale (production systems), some at a "macro" scale (territorial level), some at both scales or for the integration of scales. Production systems to be analyzed are those of greatest importance for the province (agriculture - especially wine production, crystal production and the impact of tourism). The results will be summarized in sustainability maps which will point out the distribution of sustainability levels within the province (from different perspectives). These analyses will be included as a basis of a procedure of certification ISO14001, EMAS2 and, for some subsystems, ISO14040. Tourism and tourism development create major changes in the environment. To determine their impact on environmental sustainability, it is necessary to understand tourist behaviour. Time, space and context are important components in describing tourist time-space behaviour. Tourist time-space analysis requires specific data about a visitor's time spent, locations visited, routes chosen, information used, perception and motivation. To date, most researchers have analysed spatial tourism data with statistics. This approach requires data for each period and for each possible location in the region. The enormous amount of data and tables makes it difficult to see spatial relations. Geographical information systems are specifically designed to handle spatial relationships. Four types of relevant data can be distinguished: (1) tourist characteristics, (2) actual time-space behaviour, (3) landscape elements and tourist locations (accommodations, cities/villages, facilities, areas) and (4) images added to these locations. To analyse time-space behaviour, a method is proposed consisting of two steps: (1) obtain an overall insight into the use of the physical environment by tourists, and apply exploratory spatial data analysis techniques and dynamic cartography; and (2) construct and analyse tourist recreation complexes using network analysis techniques. Pattern analysis is undertaken with mapping and graphing techniques and accessibility studies for actual and potential approximations of the links and nodes in the network. The results of these analyses can be applied to achieve more sustainable planning. © Routledge 1999. Background: Pedometers have been identified as a potential motivational aid for increasing physical activity, but their efficacy has not been demonstrated in a community-based, nonclinical sample. Design: A randomized controlled trial was conducted from August to December 2005. Analysis was completed in June 2006. Setting/Participants: Inactive adults aged 30-65 years (n=369) recruited from the community. Intervention: Comparison of a theoretically based self-help walking program (WP) and weekly diaries (sent by mail); the same walking program with a pedometer (WPP) (also by mail); and a no-treatment control group (C). Measures: Change in self-reported leisure time in any sports/recreation in the last 3 months, and all-purpose walking (APW) for exercise, recreation, and travel, and other moderate, vigorous physical activity in the last week. Proportions meeting physical activity recommendations (equal to or greater than 150 minutes and equal to or greater than five sessions/week-1) were determined. Results: A 3-month follow-up interview was conducted with 314 (85%) participants. Intention-to-treat analyses indicated significance within-group increases of APW and leisure-time walking (LTW), but mean and median sessions and minutes changes were greatest in the WPP group. There were no significant between-group differences in regular LTW (walked equal to or greater than 5 sessions/week-1 for at least 30 minutes/session), but the WPP group increased significantly participation in other sports/recreations and was more likely than the control group to meet physical activity recommendations by all leisure-time physical activity (adjusted odds ratio=2.40, 95% CI=1.17-4.93), by APW (adjusted odds ratio=1.75 95% CI=0.92-3.34) and all physical activity (adjusted odds ratio=1.59 95% CI=0.92-2.79) in the last week. Conclusions: Pedometers enhanced the effects of the self-help walking program. This low-cost intervention should be tested for sustainability. © 2007 American Journal of Preventive Medicine. Objectives The purpose of this study was to explore the complexities (including harms and benefits) of international health electives (IHEs) involving medical trainees. This exploration contributes to the ongoing debate about the goals and implications of IHEs for medical trainees. Methods This qualitative study used anonymous, one-to-one, semi-structured interviews. All participants had previous international health experiences. Between September 2007 and March 2008, we interviewed a convenience sample of health care professionals (n = 10) and medical trainees (n = 10). Using a modified grounded theory methodology, we carried out cycles of data analysis in conjunction with data collection in an iterative and constant comparison process. The study's thematic structure was finalised when theme saturation was achieved. Results Participants described IHEs in both negative and positive terms. IHEs were described as unsustained short-term contributions that lacked clear educational objectives and failed to address local community needs. Ethical dilemmas were described as IHE challenges. Participants reflected that many IHEs included aspects of medical tourism and the majority of participants described the IHE in negative terms. However, a few participants acknowledged the benefits of the IHE. Specifically, it was seen as an introduction to a career in global health and as a potential foundation for more sustainable projects with positive host community impacts. Finally, despite similar understandings among participants, self-awareness of medical tourism was low. Conclusions International health electives may include potential harms and benefits for both the trainee and the host community. Educational institutions should encourage and support structured IHEs for trainee participation. We recommend that faculties of medicine and global health educators establish pre-departure training courses for trainees and that IHE opportunities have sufficient structures in place to mitigate the negative effects of medical tourism. We also recommend that trainees be provided with opportunities to conduct self-reflection and critically assess their IHE experiences. © Blackwell Publishing Ltd 2010. Objective: To define characteristics of all-terrain vehicle (ATV) crashes occurring in north Queensland from March 2004 till June 2007 with the exploration of associated risk factors. Design: Descriptive analysis of ATV crash data collected by the Rural and Remote Road Safety Study. Setting: Rural and remote north Queensland. Participants: Forty-two ATV drivers and passengers aged 16 years or over hospitalised at Atherton, Cairns, Mount Isa or Townsville for at least 24 hours as a result of a vehicle crash. Main outcome measures: Demographics of participants, reason for travel, nature of crash, injuries sustained and risk factors associated with ATV crash. Results: The majority of casualties were men aged 16-64. Forty-one per cent of accidents occurred while performing agricultural tasks. Furthermore, 39% of casualties had less than one year's experience riding ATVs. Over half the casualties were not wearing a helmet at the time of the crash. Common injuries were head and neck and upper limb injuries. Rollovers tended to occur while performing agricultural tasks and most commonly resulted in multiple injuries. Conclusions: Considerable trauma results from ATV crashes in rural and remote north Queensland. These crashes are not included in most general vehicle crash data sets, as they are usually limited to events occurring on public roads. Minimal legislation and regulation currently applies to ATV use in agricultural, recreational and commercial settings. Legislation on safer design of ATVs and mandatory courses for riders is an essential part of addressing the burden of ATV crashes on rural and remote communities. © 2009 The Authors. Journal compilation © 2009 National Rural Health Alliance Inc. As part of the Integrated Coastal Management Sustainability Research Project (ICMSRP), this study investigated the relationship between tourism and the success and sustainability of processes initiated by one ICM project in particular, the Central Visayas Regional Project (CVRP). CVRP is widely regarded as the first major externally funded coastal management project to take on a community-based, yet integrated, approach to rural development and resource management in the Philippines. CVRP was implemented by the World Bank from 1984-1992 across 16 coastal municipalities. Such a large and geographically widespread integrated coastal management project is bound to have site specific variances due to the presence or absence of certain community characteristics as well as differences between project personnel. It is these local variations that can have differential impacts on the sustainability of integrated coastal management planning and implementation. This paper focuses on the impacts of local variation in one community level variable (intensity of tourism). By looking for variation in impacts within one project (CVRP) across 23 sites, we are controlling the differences of overall project design while examining the impacts of differences in local context. Data analysis revealed that the presence of coastal tourism had a positive relationship with the compliance and access indicator, but a negative relationship with both the quality of life indicator and activities sustained indicator, warranting a more thorough investigation of the costs and benefits associated with coastal tourism activities. The purpose of the present study was to assess the exact conditions under which cerebral concussions occur in full-contact taekwondo competition. Injury data were collected by project staff and tournament medical personnel with simple check-off forms that describe the athlete and nature, site, circumstances and severity of the injury. The Mann-Whitney U test was used to determine the difference in injury rate between men and women. The men (7.04/1,000 athlete-exposures) sustained more cerebral concussions than the women (2.42/1,000 athlete-exposures) (p<0.001). The dominant injury mechanism in both the males and females was receiving a blow (6.46/1,000 athlete-exposures and 2.42/ 1,000 ath lete-exposures for the men and women, respectively). © 1998, Sage Publications. All rights reserved. Rural communities have experienced dramatic demographic, social, an economic transformations over the past 30 years. Historically characterized by close links between natural resources and social, cultural, and economic structures, few of today's rural communities remain heavily dependent upon traditional extractive industries like ranching, forestry, and mining. New forms of development linked to natural and cultural amenities, including tourism and recreation, have evolved to sustain the link between community and resources. The Inter-Mountain West region offers an excellent example of this distinction. Many of the region's rural communities have experienced substantial population growth resulting from the inmigration of a new kind of rural resident. Their arrival, in a process some have associated with the emergence of a "New West," has transformed rural places. However, amenity-related social and economic structures have not occurred uniformly across space. This paper uses factor analysis and exploratory spatial data analysis to analyze demographic characteristics related to the "New West" phenomena in Inter-Mountain West communities and the spatial patterns found in the degree of "New West-ness" that each community exhibits. Copyright © 2007 by the Rural Sociological Society. Objective: To identify those risk factors that have the greatest impact on the incidence of head and neck injuries in international football. Method: A case-control study of players sustaining head and neck injuries during 20 FIFA tournaments (men and women) from 1998 to 2004. Video recordings of incidents were used to identify a range of parameters associated with the incidents. Team physicians provided medical reports describing the nature of each injury. X 2 tests (p≤0.01) and 95% confidence intervals were used to assess differences in distribution and incidence of injury, respectively. Results: In total, 248 head and neck injuries were recorded of which 163 were identified and analysed on video sequences. The commonest injuries were contusions (53%), lacerations (20%), and concussions (11%). The incidence of all head and neck injuries was 12.5/1000 player hours (men 12.8, women 11.5) and 3.7 for lost-time injuries (men 3.5, women 4.1). The commonest causes of injury involved aerial challenges (55%) and the use of the upper extremity (33%) or head (30%). The unfair use of the upper extremity was significantly more likely to cause an injury than any other player action. Only one injury (a neck muscle strain) occurred as a result of heading the ball throughout the 20 tournaments equivalent to 0.05 injuries/1000 player hours. Conclusions: Players' actions most likely to cause a head or neck injury were the use of the upper extremity or the head but in the majority of cases these challenges were deemed to be fair and within the laws of the game. Background: Head injury in England is common. Evidence suggests that socio-economic factors may cause variation in incidence, and this variation may affect planning for services to meet the needs of those who have sustained a head injury. Methods: Socio-economic data were obtained from the UK Office for National Statistics and merged with Hospital Episodes Statistics obtained from the Department of Health. All patients admitted for head injury with ICD-10 codes S00.0-S09.9 during 2001-2 and 2002-3 were included and collated at the level of the extant Health Authorities (HA) for 2002, and Primary Care Trust (PCT) for 2003. Incidence was determined, and cluster analysis and multiple regression analysis were used to look at patterns and associations. Results: 112,718 patients were admitted during 2001-2 giving a hospitalised incidence rate for England of 229 per 100,000. This rate varied across the English HA's ranging from 91-419 per 100,000. The rate remained unchanged for 2002-3 with a similar magnitude of variation across PCT's. Three clusters of HA's were identified from the 2001-2 data; those typical of London, those of the Shire counties, and those of Other Urban authorities. Socio-economic factors were found to account for a high proportion of the variance in incidence for 2001-2. The same pattern emerged for 2002-3 at the PCT level. The use of public transport for travel to work is associated with a decreased incidence and lifestyle indicators, such as the numbers of young unemployed, increase the incidence. Conclusion: Head injury incidence in England varies by a factor of 4.6 across HA's and PCT's. Planning head injury related services at the local level thus needs to be based on local incidence figures rather than regional or national estimates. Socio-economic factors are shown to be associated with admission, including travel to work patterns and lifestyle indicators, which suggests that incidence is amenable to policy initiatives at the macro level as well as preventive programmes targeted at key groups. © 2005 Tennant; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. Within the main elements of economic sustainability, sociocultural sustainability, and environmental sustainability, the criteria of "carrying capacity" have been emphasized through residents' perception analysis to explore practical methods towards the application and implementation of such criteria. As data analysis revealed, the main tourist resources in the case of North Cyprus-the coast and the beach-have a certain capacity to sustain the impact and pressure. Despite the significance of the indigenous environment and with respect to the residents' perception of optimum carrying capacity levels, the study explores that this issue has not been given a due consideration. This has resulted in a process of coastal development that bypasses any measure towards the application of a standard to harmonize the degree of physical development and the capacity of the beach. The main objective is to establish the concept of carrying capacity as the means to achieve the reconciliation of environmental impacts with tourism development. The study concludes that, if carrying capacity measurement and its implementation are not incorporated into the planning decision as a clear policy, there will be grave negative consequences for the very resources that attract the visitors. In response to declining international arrivals, Southeast Asia focused its attention on developing and promoting domestic tourism. In recent years, changing travel patterns have emerged in the region as its people start to enjoy economic affluence and hence, domestic tourism has developed dramatically. In view of this emerging trend in the region, this paper examines the region's demography to discover the potential demand for domestic tourism and to identify the implications of the region's changing population with respect to domestic tourism planning, marketing and product development. Secondary data analysis is performed on population and tourism statistics. The decline of fertility and the consequent ageing of populations are the most significant demographic developments in the region and have profound implications on the social and economic life of each nation, as well as in domestic tourism marketing, planning and development. To determine the full potential for domestic tourism and to effectively plan, market and develop sustainable domestic tourism products, there is a need for the national tourism organizations to have a continuing research strategy with respect to demand for domestic tourism focusing on socio-demographic analysis, attitudes towards domestic tourism, and acceptability and affordability of domestic tourism products. © 2004 Taylor and Francis Group, LLC. The purpose this study was to improve operational planning and management of national parks in Turkey to balance conservation use and sustainable management. Soǧuksu National Park (SNP) was chosen as the study area. The data were obtained from interviews of 182 visitor groups (in total, 819 people) and analyzed using correlation, factor, discriminant, and regression analyses. It was found that the most important factors affecting operational planning and management of SNP are (1) travel cost, (2) visitor welfare level, (3) intensity of use, (4) size of visitor group, (5) type of recreational demand. The main source of visitors to SNP is from a zone within a 0-90-km radius. This region comprised 53.85% of total visitors to the park. The capital of Turkey (Ankara) is the most important source of visitors from within this zone. The optimum activity mix in SNP is also determined. Picnicking, viewing the scenery, and nature walks or trekking comprised the main uses of the park. It is anticipated that these findings will help to improve operational planning and sustainable management of the national park and the environment. © 2005 Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. Objective: To assess the effects of interventions to promote walking in individuals and populations. Design: Systematic review. Data sources: Published and unpublished reports in any language identified by searching 25 electronic databases, by searching websites, reference lists, and existing systematic reviews, and by contacting experts. Review methods: Systematic search for and appraisal of controlled before and after studies of the effects of any type of intervention on how much people walk, the distribution of effects on walking between social groups, and any associated effects on overall physical activity, fitness, risk factors for disease, health, and wellbeing. Results: We included 19 randomised controlled trials and 29 non-randomised controlled studies. Interventions tailored to people's needs, targeted at the most sedentary or at those most motivated to change, and delivered either at the level of the individual (brief advice, supported use of pedometers, telecommunications) or household (individualised marketing) or through groups, can encourage people to walk more, although the sustainability, generalisability, and clinical benefits of many of these approaches are uncertain. Evidence for the effectiveness of interventions applied to workplaces, schools, communities, or areas typically depends on isolated studies or subgroup analysis. Conclusions: The most successful interventions could increase walking among targeted participants by up to 30-60 minutes a week on average, at least in the short term. From a perspective of improving population health, much of the research currently provides evidence of efficacy rather than effectiveness. Nevertheless, interventions to promote walking could contribute substantially towards increasing the activity levels of the most sedentary. [No abstract available] This paper presents a model for assessing corporate facility sustainability that encompasses not only the more tangible energy and waste streams, but also the less tangible influences of work flows and the relationship between landlords and tenants. We explore these issues in the context of two largely distinct facilities, one owned and one leased, of a financial services company. We conducted the study in three phases: data collection, data analysis and the development of recommendations. Our findings include considerations for employee commuting, employee travel, video conferencing, alternative energy, living roofs, landscaping, storm water management, waste management, composting. ©2008 IEEE. Background - A line of block in the right atrium (RA) between the venae cavae is necessary to obtain classic atrial flutter (AFL). We tested the hypothesis that the location of that line of block would determine whether the AFL reentrant circuit would be due to single-loop reentry or figure-of-8 reentry. Methods and Results - Simultaneous mapping from 392 sites (both atria and the atrial septum) was performed in 13 normal dogs before and after creating a linear lesion on the RA free wall. The lesion was 1 to 1.5 cm anterior and parallel to the crista teminalis (7 dogs) or posterior and close to the crista terminalis region (6 dogs). Sustained AFL (>2 minutes) was then induced. In 4 dogs with an anterior lesion, the AFL reentrant circuit traveled around the lesion (lesion reentry). In 9 dogs (3 with anterior lesions and 6 with posterior lesions), the AFL reentrant circuit included the anterior RA free wall, the atrial septum, and Bachmann's bundle (single-loop reentry). In these 9 dogs, the fixed line of block was extended to the superior and/or inferior vena cava by a functional line of block, thereby preventing lesion reentry. No figure-of-8 reentry was induced. Conclusions - In this model, the location of a fixed line of block and its functional extension determine the type of AFL reentry. These data provide an explanation for the chronic AFL that occurs in some patients after surgical repair of congenital heart lesions. Objectives: To study match injury patterns and incidence during the Rugby World Cup 2003 (RWC 2003); to compare these patterns and rates with comparative rugby injury data; and to assess differences between teams playing at different levels (eight finalists v 12 non-finalists). Methods: Data were collected prospectively during the tournament. All injuries were recorded by the 20 participating team physicians. These were submitted to the tournament medical officer. An injury was defined as an event which forced a player either to leave the field or to miss a subsequent game or both. Results: 189 injuries were recorded over 48 matches. This corresponds to 97.9 injuries per 1000 player-hours. Pool matches yielded a higher injury rate than non-pool matches. The 12 non-finalist teams sustained significantly higher injury rates than the eight finalist teams. The player positions open side flanker, inside centre, and number 8 were the most frequently injured positions. There was a low concussion rate, which may reflect under-reporting. The non-finalist teams had a higher rate of recurrent injury. Conclusions: The injury rate was higher than comparative data. Mismatches in the areas of skill, fitness, and the availability of resources for medical care of players may explain these differences. Funding the conservation and restoration of protected natural areas is a challenge in many countries and contexts. This is especially so where the initiative has been taken by a community group that lacks guaranteed long-term access to a source of operating income. Such groups may initiate tourist operations in order to provide ongoing revenue for ecosystem protection and restoration. Can tourism fund the protection and restoration of an indigenous ecosystem? How can tourism be managed so that it does not impact negatively on ecosystem protection? This paper addresses these questions using case study research from New Zealand, a country facing important conservation issues and where tourism is a major component of the economy. The research comprises six case studies in which exclusion fencing has been used to protect indigenous New Zealand forest ecosystems from the impacts of alien pest mammals. In five of the six cases a community-based charitable trust is driving the project. Data analysis is at an early stage, but some interesting themes are emerging. Tourism is valued by these groups because of the education and advocacy opportunities it offers, as well as for its potential financial contribution. Thus these groups are prepared to meet the additional costs of creating a tourist operation, although this can give rise to philosophical tensions when organisational members are motivated primarily by ecological outcomes. The financial potential of tourism is perceived as location-sensitive; only two of these case studies expect to achieve full financial self-reliance through tourism. The ecological risks of tourism are seen as manageable through such tools as ecological management zones. Author Keywords	Index Keywords association analysis; cheapfakes detection; congestion prediction; cross-data analysis; cross-domain recommendation; cross-modal models; enterprise social networks; feature extraction; graph neural networks; image clustering and segmentation; multimodal models; out-of-context detection; prediction model; public mood;; social analytics; spatio-temporal prediction; transformer	Data Analytics; Data handling; Disaster prevention; Feature extraction; Image segmentation; Modal analysis; Association analysis; Cheapfake detection; Congestion prediction; Context detection; Cross-data analyse; Cross-domain recommendations; Cross-modal; Cross-modal model; Enterprise social network; Features extraction; Graph neural networks; Image clustering; Images segmentations; Modal models; Multimodal models; Out-of-context detection; Prediction modelling; Public mood; Public mood;; Social analytic; Spatio-temporal prediction; Transformer; Forecasting 	 Blue economy; Eastern caribbean; Ecosystem services; Nature dependent tourism; User-generated content; Wildlife tourism	Artificial Intelligence; Big Data; Conservation of Natural Resources; Sustainable Development; Tourism; artificial intelligence; ecosystem service; machine learning; natural resource; resource management; sustainable development; tourism; traditional knowledge; wildfire; article; big data; Caribbean; economic aspect; ecosystem service; human; resource management; tourism; wildlife; artificial intelligence; environmental protection; sustainable development cultural heritage; regional studies; rural tourism; sustainable tourism planning; tourists perceptions	 multi policies (MULTIPOL method); multicriteria analysis; sustainable rural development; sustainable rural tourism strategies; tourism planning; transformation pathways	Central Java; Indonesia; developing world; information and communication technology; infrastructure planning; multicriteria analysis; rural development; rural policy; stakeholder; sustainable development; tourism development; tourism management mobile roaming data; search engine; tourism forecasting; tourism information search; Webometrics	China; Yangtze River; agglomeration; forecasting method; spatiotemporal analysis; sustainable development; tourism development; tourist destination; urban area AR design; augmented reality; bibliometric analysis; content analysis; COVID-19; emerging topics; future trends; immersive technology; mobile AR; tourism	 association analysis; cheapfakes detection; congestion prediction; cross-data analysis; cross-domain recommendation; cross-modal models; enterprise social networks; feature extraction; graph neural networks; image clustering and segmentation; multimodal models; out-of-context detection; prediction model; public mood;; social analytics; spatio-temporal prediction; transformer	Attitude; Intention; Parks, Recreational; Social Behavior; Surveys and Questionnaires; article; awareness; data analysis; human; national park; pro-environmental behavior; responsibility; structural equation modeling; theoretical study; Theory of Planned Behavior; tourism; attitude; behavior; questionnaire; recreational park; social behavior Biotechnology; Data Science; Dig data; Machine learning; Travel mode selection	Behavioral research; Big data; Biotechnology; Data handling; Data Science; Internet of things; Learning algorithms; Machine learning; Signal analysis; Analysis of data; Data signals; Dig data; Emerging technologies; Individual interests; Machine-learning; Mode selection; Signal information content; Travel mode selection; Travel modes; air transportation; Article; big data; biotechnology; classification; data science; decision making; factor analysis; human; machine learning; railway; random forest; traffic and transport; travel; Data Analytics Action behaviour; Behaviour; Perceived attitude; Perception; Shopping streets; Shopping tourism; Tour operators	 Capacity development; Future leaders; Hospitality education; Qualitative study; Sustainability	 Cognitive benefits; Digital capability; Employability; Sustainable attitude; Sustainable behaviour	 Cave Tourism; Geo-heritage; Geo-tourism; Wadi Sannur Cave	 land use; spatial equilibrium theory; supply of infrastructure; transportation economy; travel behavior; travel demand management	Behavioral research; Decision making; Decision theory; Economics; Information management; Motor transportation; Traffic congestion; Urban growth; Urban transportation; Equilibrium theory; Spatial equilibrium theory; Supply of infrastructure; Transportation economies; Transportation management; Transportation system; Travel behaviour; Travel demand management; Urban development; Urban spatial structures; Land use Climate change; National parks; NetZero emissions; Tourism	 	Communicable Disease Control; COVID-19; Health Services Accessibility; HIV; HIV Infections; Homosexuality, Male; Humans; Male; Pandemics; Sexual and Gender Minorities; Zimbabwe; adult; Article; clinical feature; coronavirus disease 2019; health care access; human; Human immunodeficiency virus infection; income; infection prevention; infection risk; lockdown; male; men who have sex with men; partner violence; psychosocial care; risk factor; social support; young adult; Zimbabwe; communicable disease control; health care delivery; Human immunodeficiency virus; Human immunodeficiency virus infection; male homosexuality; pandemic; prevention and control; psychology; sexual and gender minority big data analytics; data and data science; data for decision-making; policy and organization; sustainability and resilience; transportation and society; transportation in the developing countries	Behavioral research; Big data; Developing countries; Economics; Sustainable development; Travel time; Big data analytic; Data analytics; Data and data science; Data for decision-making; Data set; Decisions makings; Policy and organization; Sustainability and resilience; Transportation and society; Transportation in the developing country; Decision making Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT); big data analytics; deep learning; literature review; machine learning; natural language processing (NLP); smart societies; smart tourism; sustainable tourism; unsupervised learning	Saudi Arabia; COVID-19; data set; database; ecotourism; literature review; machine learning; perception; tourism development disaster response; performance metrics; planning and preparedness; planning data analysis; planning methods; sustainability and resilience; transportation network modeling	Automation; Crowdsourcing; Disaster-response; Model networks; Performance metrices; Planning and preparedness; Planning data; Planning data analyse; Planning method; Sustainability and resilience; Transportation network model; Ukraine; Travel time COVID-19; Greater London; Housing vulnerability; Social deprivation; Travel vulnerability; Vulnerability index	 aesthetic value; carrier identification; Libo Karst; protection; sustainable tourism	Conservation; Data; Development; Evaluation; Identification; Protection; Research; Sites; China; Guizhou; Environmental protection; Landforms; Tourism; Aesthetic value; Carrier identification; Case-studies; Heritage sites; Libo karst; Natural world; Protection; Sustainable tourism; Sustainable tourism development; Tourism development; ArcGIS; ecotourism; environmental protection; nature conservation; spatial analysis; tourism development; World Heritage Site; Sustainable development AI; artificial intelligence; bibliometric analysis; big data; big data analysis; big data analytics; deep learning; expert systems; fuzzy logic; I4.0; neural networks; NLP	China; India; United States; artificial intelligence; bibliography; fuzzy mathematics; research work; software Accessibility; Maritime; Optimization; Public Transportation; Sea Transportation; Urban Mobility	 Bicycle tourism; Multigroup analysis; Non-linear effects; Tourism experiences	 attitude; behavioral intentions; food tourism; motivational factors; perceived behavioral control; satisfaction; subjective norms; Theory of Planned Behavior	Aegean Islands; Crete [Greece]; Greece; exploration; food; life satisfaction; perception; planning theory; psychology; public attitude; survey method; sustainable development; tourist destination household; materiality; plastic; practice theory; routine	 big data/crowdsourced data/data needs; community resources and impacts; data and data science; geospatial data; geospatial data visualization; GIS and data; health and transportation metrics; infrastructure; infrastructure management and system preservation; national and state transportation data and information systems; operations; pavement management systems; shared mobility operations; sustainability and resilience; traffic flow theory and characteristics; transportation and public health; transportation and society; visualization in transportation	Big data; Data visualization; Information management; Population statistics; Recovery; Big data/crowdsourced data/data need; Community resource and impact; Community resources; Data and data science; Data and information; Geo-spatial data; Geo-spatial data visualizations; GIS and data; Health and transportation metric; Infrastructure; Infrastructure management and system preservation; Infrastructure managements; Infrastructure systems; Mobility operations; National and state transportation data and information system; Operation; Pavement management systems; Shared mobility operation; Sustainability and resilience; Traffic flow characteristics; Traffic flow theory; Transportation and public health; Transportation and society; Transportation metric; Visualization in transportation; Visualization Antecedents; Challenges; Event tourism; Sustainable event management	 	 	 Big data analytics; High-resolution CO<sub>2</sub> emissions; Passenger transportation; Smart mobility; Sustainable transportation; Urban carbon emissions	China; Hangzhou; Zhejiang; Big data; Carbon; Carbon dioxide; Data Analytics; Motor transportation; Population statistics; Roads and streets; Urban transportation; Big data analytic; Carbon emissions; CO 2 emission; Data analytics; High resolution; High-resolution CO2 emission; Passenger transportation; Smart mobility; Sustainable transportation; Urban carbon emission; carbon emission; emission inventory; mobility; sustainability; traffic emission; urban pollution; urban transport; Data acquisition Deep learning; MaaS system; Passenger transport hub; Transportation	Complex networks; Data acquisition; Data handling; Deep learning; Economics; Forecasting; Learning systems; Technology transfer; Deep learning; Demand supplies; Maa system; Matching models; Overall planning; Passenger transport; Passenger transport hub; Transportation mode; Travel modes; Travel services; Learning algorithms Mobility impairment; Nigeria; People with disabilities; Road infrastructure; Usability	 Database Marketing; Ecotourism; Marketing Channels; PSO algorithm; Tourism Marketing	Commerce; Database systems; Ecology; Tourism; Basic theory; Continuous improvements; Database marketing; Eco-tourisms; Living standards; Marketing channels; Marketing models; PSO algorithms; Service levels; Tourism marketings; Marketing geo-location data; influencers; Instagram; internationalization; parasocial interaction; sustainable destinations	ecotourism; globalization; marketing; regression analysis; social media; tourist destination Accessibility; Big data; Bike sharing; First and last mile; PTAL; Public shared bike; Smart card data; Travel time saving	Taipei; Taiwan; accessibility; cycle transport; data set; public transport; travel time; walking bibliometric analysis; digital technology; digitalization; sustainability; sustainable tourism; tourism research; tourist destinations	convergence; ecotourism; spatiotemporal analysis; stakeholder; sustainability; tourist destination competence; creative economy; culture change; tourism village; willingness to change	 Exploratory spatial data analysis (ESDA); Ferry electrification; Geographic information systems (GIS); Greek coastal shipping network; Local indicators of spatial association (LISA); Zero-emission routes	Greece; Alternative fuels; Data handling; Decarbonization; Decision support systems; Economics; Electric utilities; Geographic information systems; Greenhouse gases; Information analysis; Information systems; Ships; Spatial variables measurement; Sustainable development; Coastal shipping; Exploratory spatial data analyse; Exploratory spatial data analysis; Ferry electrification; Geographic information system; Greek coastal shipping network; Local indicator of spatial association; Spatial associations; Zero emission; Zero-emission route; conceptual framework; decision support system; economic growth; GIS; maritime transportation; ship technology; shipping; sustainability; Information use environmental performance; green human resource; green values; hotels industry; innovative performance; management; sustainable performance; travel agents	 Catchment areas; Clustering; Intelligent Transportation Systems; Open data; Travel behavior	 facilities and infrastructure tourist destinationand tourist interest; tour service; tourism	 GIS Database; Marketing; Tourism Destination	Competition; Data Analytics; Data visualization; Information management; Tourism; Business-intelligence; Competitive advantage; Concept development; Data analytics; Geographic information system database; Performance; System database; Technological advances; Tourism destination; Tourism development; Geographic information systems Customer Satisfaction Index (CSI); Importance-Performance Analysis (IPA); public mass transport; services quality; sustainable development	 	Aged; Big Data; Cell Phone; Child; China; Female; Humans; Population Dynamics; Rural Population; aged; big data; child; China; female; human; population dynamics; rural population analytic hierarchy; model assembly approach; multi-source data; OSL linear regression model; urban–rural transportation network	China; Hubei; Wuhan; agricultural production; analytical hierarchy process; rural transport; traffic management; transportation planning; water supply administration; innovation; Pattaya City; strategic development; tourist destination	Central Region [Thailand]; Chonburi; Thailand; administration; innovation; strategic approach; tourism economics; tourist destination; urban development Energy access and efficiency; Energy capacity; Energy grid resilience; Energy independence; Energy self-sufficiency; Green tourism supply chain management; Renewable energy technologies	Zimbabwe; Sustainable development; Energy access; Energy access and efficiency; Energy grid resilience; Energy grids; Energy independence; Energy self-sufficiency; Energy-capacity; Green tourism supply chain management; Renewable energy technologies; Tourism supply chain; alternative energy; energy efficiency; software; supply chain management; sustainability; tourism economics; Supply chain management brand attitude; Instagramability; intention to revisit; servicescape; theme park	Amazon River; equation; hypothesis testing; literature review; national park; park design; public attitude; sustainability; tourist attraction bibliometric analy-sis; current trends; sustainability; sustainable organization management; Web of Science core collection	 big data; energy; pandemic control; privacy; sustainability; urban health	Big Data; COVID-19; Data Science; Europe; Humans; Pandemics; United States; China; cholera vaccine; data set; disease control; epidemiology; public health; sustainability; urban area; air pollution; artificial intelligence; big data; cancer prognosis; cholera; computer aided design; coronavirus disease 2019; cost benefit analysis; disease severity; disease transmission; drug efficacy; electronic consultation; electronic health record; epidemiological surveillance; global positioning system; health care delivery; health care policy; high risk population; human; infection control; infection risk; influenza; internet of things; low risk population; mathematical model; measles; medical decision making; mortality rate; nonhuman; pandemic; quarantine; Review; social media; travel restriction; urban area; vaccination; visceral leishmaniasis; Web of Science; Europe; United States Geospatial big data; High spatial resolution; Linear programming; Public transport travel ratio; Supply and demand; Urban public transportation	Beijing [China]; China; data set; linear programing; public transport; spatial data; spatial resolution; urban planning; urban transport Booking.com; data analysis; online reservations; ski accommodation	Switzerland; data set; spatiotemporal analysis; sustainability; World Wide Web Agility; Airline performance; External force; Impact	 Bicycle; Big data; Sustainable cities; Transition	Belgium; cycle transport; data set; electric vehicle; university sector; urban transport park features; planning strategy; SOPARC; trade-off; visitor’s activity; West Lake Scenic Area	West Lake [Hangzhou]; landscape structure; park design; spatiotemporal analysis; tourist behavior; trade-off; urban planning; vegetation cover environmentally responsible behavior; Indonesia; market segmentation; satisfaction; SCUBA diver; sustainable development goals; Taiwan; the Philippines	Indonesia; Philippines; Taiwan; environmental economics; environmental values; market system; scuba diving; segmentation; Sustainable Development Goal agrotourism; rural; sustainable development	 Competitive Advantage; Information Technology; Supply Chain Management; Sustainable Tourism	 ecotourism management; ecotourism training; forest adventures tours; meta-synthesis method	Computer Programs; Damage; Ecology; Forestry; Forests; Oceanography; Sites; Synthesis; Forestry; Oceanography; Eco-tourisms; Ecotourism management; Ecotourism training; Forest adventure tour; Hyrcanian forests; Meta-synthesis; Meta-synthesis method; Property; Sustainable behaviours; Synthesis method; ecotourism; meta-analysis; mixed forest; sustainability; training; World Heritage Site; Ecology Big data; E-scooters; Micromobility; Spatiotemporal analysis; Unsupervised machine learning	Nashville; Tennessee; United States; K-means clustering; Land use; Learning algorithms; Machine learning; Principal component analysis; Vehicles; Carbon emissions; E-scooter; Electric scooters; Health benefits; High resolution analysis; Micro-mobility; Spatiotemporal analysis; Temporal and spatial; Unsupervised machine learning; Usage patterns; cycle transport; electric vehicle; machine learning; mobility; principal component analysis; spatial analysis; transportation safety; transportation system; travel behavior; travel demand; Big data Ecosystem-based adaptations; Ecotourism; Hierarchical cluster analysis; Multi-correspondence analysis	Viet Nam; developing world; ecotourism; human resource; local adaptation; marketing; questionnaire survey; tourism development 	 electronic toll collection data; expressway; feature identification; K-means and BP neural network combination model; passenger car	back propagation; identification method; motorway; sustainable development; transport vehicle; transportation system; urban transport Hospitality ecosystem; Research directions; Smart hospitality	 IPA/IPCA; Online comments; Opinion extraction; Rural destination; Sustainable tourism; Tourist satisfaction	 Genetic algorithm; Hotspots policing; Patrol route optimization; Police science	 	Decision making; Economics; Forecasting; Learning systems; Regional planning; Tourism; Cloud-based; Decision making support; Demand forecast; Forecasting system; Global economic growth; Real- time; Regional economic growths; Tourism demand; Tourism demand forecasting; Tourism industry; Deep learning Black Sea region; Bulgaria; international tourism; Romania; sustainability; tourism; Turkey	Black Sea; Bulgaria; Ecosystem; Romania; Tourism; Turkey; Bulgaria; Romania; Turkey; ecotourism; longitudinal gradient; riparian zone; tourism development; tourism management; tourism market; travel behavior; article; Black Sea; Bulgaria; data analysis; environmental impact; greenhouse gas emission; Romania; tourism; travel; Turkey (republic); World Bank; Black Sea; Bulgaria; ecosystem; Romania; turkey (bird) destination; fascination; place attachment; pro-environmental behavior; reasonable person model (RPM)	 aquatic ecosystems; environmental conservation; human well-being; protected natural area; Ramsar site	Guanajuato; Mexico [North America]; aquatic ecosystem; biodiversity; government; perception; protected area; water quality business continuity; community continuity; consequence management; disaster recovery; disaster response; emergency management; emergency service function; humanitarian assistance; planning and preparedness; recovery; sustainability and resilience; transportation systems resilience	COVID-19; Disaster prevention; Health risks; Personnel training; Recovery; Risk management; Business continuity; Community continuity; Consequence management; Disaster recovery; Disaster-response; Emergency management; Emergency service function; Humanitarian assistances; Planning and preparedness; Service functions; Sustainability and resilience; System resiliences; Transportation system; Transportation system resilience; Emergency services Artificial intelligence (AI); Big data; Cloud computing; Cyber threat intelligence and applications; Decision-support; Smart tourism	Artificial intelligence; Big data; Decision making; Decision support systems; Forecasting; Public administration; Sustainable development; Tourism; Artificial intelligence; Cloud-computing; Cybe threat intelligence and application; Cyber threats; Decision supports; Public management; Public services; Smart tourism; Tourism industry; Travel and tourism; Application programs Community governance; Community tourism; Covid-19 pandemic; Local wisdom; Tourism collaboration	 Baltic pike; Human dimensions; Overfishing; Recreational fisheries; Recruitment; Salinity; Seals; Vegetation	 Economy; Energy; Environmental Kuznets Curve; Tourism	 Air transport; Energy consumption; Environment; Globalization; The Middle East; Tourism	Middle East; air transportation; ecotourism; empirical analysis; energy use; globalization; Gross Domestic Product; panel data; tourism development; tourist destination Albergo Diffuso; Data-driven approach; Entrepreneurial orientation; Humane entrepreneurship; Sustainability orientation; Sustainable tourism	 Ecosystem services; Flickr; Forest; Lake Tahoe; Travel cost; Valuation	California; Lake Tahoe; Nevada; United States; Cost benefit analysis; Cost estimating; Ecosystems; Forestry; Land use; Resource valuation; Social networking (online); California; Case-studies; Economic values; Ecosystem services; Flickr; Forest; Lake Tahoe; Social media datum; Travel costs; Valuation; cost analysis; ecosystem service; estimation method; land use change; metadata; recreational activity; social media; valuation; Decision making Alternative tourism; Behavior analysis; Camping; Digital marketing; Glamping; Mass tourism	 During-visit; Mobile technology; Nature-based tourism; Post-visit; Pre-visit; Retrospective collaborative autoethnography (RCA)	 COVID-19; Porto; Secondary data analysis; Touristification; Urban tourism	Tourism; Convention and visitor bureaux; Iberian Peninsula; In-depth study; Porto; Quantitative data; Secondary data analysis; Socio-economics; Tourism statistics; Touristification; Urban tourisms; COVID-19 Analytics capabilities; Big data; Knowledge management; Social media; Sustainability	 big data; cloud computing; demand estimation; intelligent transport system; internet of things; Italy; ITS; simulation model; smart city; smart road; sustainable mobility; transport service; transportation planning; virtualisation	Big data; Computer architecture; Information management; Intelligent systems; Intelligent vehicle highway systems; Internet of things; Motor transportation; Network architecture; Smart city; Street traffic control; Traffic congestion; Urban transportation; Virtual reality; Virtualization; Cloud-computing; Demand estimation; Intelligent transport; Intelligent transport system; Italy; ITS; Simulation model; Smart road; Sustainable mobility; Transport services; Transport systems; Transportation planning; Virtualizations; Cloud computing COVID-19; Equal distribution; Local community; Sustainable tourism; Tourism	 GINI coefficient; Income inequality; Panel data analysis; Panel VECM; SDG 10; Tourism; Tourism development	 	Emotions; Personal Satisfaction; Peru; Tourism; Travel; article; cultural factor; data analysis; factor analysis; human; human experiment; manager; multiple regression; Pacific Ocean; Peru; questionnaire; satisfaction; social value; tourism; emotion; Peru; travel clustering analysis; ecosystem services; synergies; trade-offs	Arid regions; Climate models; Cluster analysis; Correlation methods; Economic and social effects; Ecosystems; Food supply; K-means clustering; Land use; Landforms; Purification; Quality control; Soil conservation; Water conservation; Water resources; Clustering analysis; Ecosystem services; Habitat quality; Qilian mountains; Raw material supply; Supply waters; Synergy; Trade off; Water purification; Waters resources; Soils eWoM; halal friendly destination performance; psychological safety; sustainable tourism development; tourist satisfaction	Indonesia; West Sumatra; ecotourism; performance assessment; psychology; safety; tourism development; tourist destination Clustering algorithm; Origin–Destination matrices; Passive data analytics; Public transport demand; Travel behavior; Wi-Fi sensors	Data Analytics; Decision making; Economics; Matrix algebra; Urban transportation; Wireless local area networks (WLAN); Data analytics; Origin destination matrices; Passive data analytic; Public transport; Public transport demand; Socio-economic transformations; Transport demand; Travel behaviour; Urban areas; Wi-fi sensor; algorithm; bus transport; cluster analysis; decadal variation; mobility; public transport; transportation development; travel demand; Clustering algorithms Community involvement; Life satisfaction; Perceived tourism impacts; Place attachment; Sustainable rural tourism development; Trust in government	 Intelligent mobility; Mobility software; Mobility-as-a-Service; Public transport; Trip characteristics	 Air Transport; Carbon Emissions; Challenges; Environmental Protection; Future Development; Green Technology; Policy Making; Recommendations; Regulations; Sustainable Development	 influencing factors; rural industry; rural tourism; spatial differentiation; Zhejiang province	 immersiveness in tourism; inclusiveness in tourism; sustainable tourism; virtual reality; virtual tourism	advanced technology; ecotourism; Internet; survey method; theoretical study; virtual reality Internal and external beneficiaries; Local community; Social participation; University	 behavioral processes; design criteria; humanitarian needs; shared urban spaces; social sustainability	Egypt; humanitarian aid; private sector; spatial analysis; urban design; urban development Brand experience; Creative City of Gastronomy; Self-congruity; Self-expansion; Sustainable development	adult; article; city; data analysis; female; human; human experiment; male; marketing; partial least squares regression; quantitative analysis; questionnaire; self concept; structural equation modeling; sustainable development; tourism Bike share system; Data analysis; Electric bicycle; Greenhouse gas emission; Sustainable mobility; University travel plans	Data handling; Emission control; Gas emissions; Greenhouse gases; Information analysis; Sustainable development; % reductions; Bike share system; Electric bicycles; Government actions; Greenhouse gas emissions; High educations; Sustainable mobility; Sustainable transport; Travel plans; University travel plan; Bicycles loyalty; self-congruence; sustainable destination image; tourist engagement	 	 Correlation mechanism; Spatial analysis; Spatial quality of street; Street view big data; Walking characteristics	Anhui; China; Hefei; Big data; Learning algorithms; Machine learning; Quality control; Roads and streets; Spatial variables measurement; Sustainable development; Urban planning; Correlation mechanism; Incremental development; Road network; Spatial analysis; Spatial quality; Spatial quality of street; Street view big data; Urban construction; Urban streets; Walking characteristic; correlation; data set; pedestrian; public space; research work; spatial variation; urban area; urban planning; walking; Regression analysis contemporary museum; cultural tourism; SEM; visitors	Agrigento; Italy; Sicily; Sicily; consumption behavior; cultural heritage; heritage tourism; quantitative analysis; statistical analysis; tourist attraction Eco-tourism Scenic Spot; Intelligent; Low carbon scenic spot; Tourist perception	Carbon; Computation theory; Software testing; Sustainable development; Tourism; A-carbon; Eco-tourism scenic spot; Eco-tourisms; Intelligent; Low carbon; Low carbon scenic spot; Low-carbon development; Scenic spot; Tourist perception; Product design community-based ecotourism; development strategies; special interest tourism	carrying capacity; economic conditions; ecotourism; local participation; research method; strategic approach; tourism development; tourism economics; tourist destination Deep learning; Dynamic lane assignment (DLA); Machine learning; Signalized intersection; Space optimization	Big data; Decision trees; Deep learning; Developing countries; Intelligent systems; Intelligent vehicle highway systems; Learning systems; Motor transportation; Nearest neighbor search; Timing circuits; Traffic signals; Cycle length; Deep learning; Dynamic lane assignment; Learning models; Machine-learning; Optimisations; Signalized intersection; Space allocation; Space optimization; Traffic demands; data set; developing world; machine learning; optimization; prediction; traffic management; transportation planning; Traffic congestion Bibliometric; Covid; Digital; Digital transformation; Digitalization; Digitization; Latent Dirichlet allocation; LDA; Machine learning; Pandemic; Topic modeling; Tourism	 Feature engineering; Public transport; Stream mining	Data stream; Environmentally friendly transport modes; Feature engineerings; Modeling transport; Public transport; Stream mining; Survey data; Sustainable transport; Transport modes; Urban areas; Urban transportation Eco-gamification; Egypt; Pro-sustainable intentions; Technology acceptance model; Theory of planned behaviour	 big data; coupling analysis; global tourism; sustainable tourism development; urban planning	 Covid-19 pandemic; Crisis Management Framework; hotel industry; Indonesia; quarantine	Indonesia; COVID-19; crisis management; government; hotel industry; management practice; spatiotemporal analysis; triangulation Agriculture big data analytic; Citizen science; DSS; GIS; Smart village; Systematic Literature review	 Cameroon; Surveillance; Yellow fever; Yellow fever high risk districts; Yellow fever serology	Cameroon; Child; Humans; Immunoglobulin M; Public Health; Yellow Fever; Yellow fever virus; immunoglobulin M; immunoglobulin M antibody; immunoglobulin M; adolescent; adult; aged; antibody detection; Article; Cameroon; capture ELISA; child; controlled study; data analysis; disease surveillance; female; geographic distribution; high risk population; human; infant; infection risk; laboratory; major clinical study; male; newborn; plaque reduction neutralization test; trend study; virus transmission; yellow fever; Yellow fever virus; Cameroon; public health; yellow fever COVID-19; Equal distribution; Local community; Sustainable tourism; Tourism	 consumer space; heritage tourism; historic districts; Old Beijing City; regeneration sustainability; Space production; tourist-resident relation	Beijing [Beijing (ADS)]; Beijing [China]; China; consumption behavior; economic development; ecotourism; globalization; heritage tourism; tourist behavior big data; heat map; historic blocks; landscape planning; landscape preference	Big Data; China; Hot Temperature; Surveys and Questionnaires; Sustainable Development; China; Fujian; Fuzhou; architectural design; landscape planning; sustainable development; temporal variation; article; atmosphere; big data; China; field study; heat; human; human experiment; questionnaire; tourism; China; heat; sustainable development Beach recreation; Multi-stakeholders; Municipal solid waste management; Synergies	 2SFCA; accessibility; commute; education; health and fitness; low-carbon; rehabilitation; Shanghai	 Environmental sustainability; Green hotels; Green image; Green satisfaction; Green trust	 	Air navigation; Economic and social effects; Reinforcement; Tourism; Development targets; Economic development; Economic growths; Export/import; Guidance information; Industrial processs; Reinforcement learning approach; Research fields; Rural tourisms; Tourism development; Reinforcement learning consumption value; Food wastage; generativity; pro-social attitude; sustainability	 Business intelligence; Industry-4.0 sustainability; Predictive modeling; Retail and distribution	 	 Coronavirus crisis; Innovative practices; New technology adoption (digital transformation); Online travel agency (OTA); Survival strategy	 	China; Cities; Economic Development; Efficiency; Humans; Spatial Analysis; Sustainable Development; Tourism; article; China; city; data analysis; economic development; human; sustainable development; tourism; China; productivity; spatial analysis; sustainable development 	 aggregation methods; consumer value; design for sustainability; digitalization; risk management; sustainable production	aggregation; consumption behavior; natural resource; risk assessment; sustainability; sustainable development Bisheh waterfall; Destination quality; Ecotourism; Iran; Tourist satisfaction	 Revisit intention; sustainability of destination; tourist satisfaction; tourists’ perception of destination sustainability; urban destination	 Nantou Ancient City; post-renewal evaluation; public satisfaction; urbanized village	 attractions; bangsring underwater; coral reefs; ecotourism; sustainability	Indonesia; coral reef; ecotourism; law enforcement; spatiotemporal analysis; sustainability; tourist attraction Cultural identity; North Macedonia; Preservation; Rural tourism; Sustainability	 	 ancient village tourism; GIS spatial analysis; spatial-temporal characteristics; Zhejiang Province	China; Zhejiang; GIS; spatial distribution; spatiotemporal analysis; sustainable development; tourism development City tourism; COVID-19; Localisation; New urban tourism; Sustainable tourism	 geotagged visitor employed photography; GIS; Landscape perception; landscape preference; national park	Correlation methods; Geographic information systems; Photography; Correlation analysis; Cross-cultural comparisons; Geotagged visitor employed photography; Hotspots; Landscape perceptions; Landscape preferences; National parks; Off sites; Social media; Visitor experiences; Forestry Accessible Tourism (AT); big data; data mining; destination management; Disability; inclusive tourism; marketing; sentiment analysis; sustainable tourism; tourism; tourism management	 Landsat; management; mangrove; satellite imagery; sustainability	 Artificial intelligence; deep learning; heritage sites; machine learning; mapping review; tourism sustainability	Learning algorithms; Mapping; Natural language processing systems; Sustainable development; Tourism; Computing power; Conversational systems; Data algorithm; Deep learning; Heritage sites; Machine-learning; Mapping review; Systematic mapping; Tourism sustainability; Travel and tourism; Deep learning Big Data; Data Analytics; Data driven; Lisbon; Mobile Networks; Smart Mobility; Tourism; Transportation Networks; Travel Behavior	Advanced Analytics; Big data; Decision making; Mobile telecommunication systems; Tourism; Data analytics; Data driven; Decision makers; Geo-spatial analysis; Lisbon; Mobile operators; Smart mobility; Tourism activities; Transportation network; Travel behaviour; Data Analytics smart cities; sustainable; traffic congestion; transportation	 agritourism; critical success factors; stakeholders; sustainable development; triple bottom line; Zimbabwe	 Emission factor model; Machine learning; Traffic big data; Traffic demand models; Vehicle emission inventory	 Adaptability; learning; mobile apps; strategy; technology; tourism	Costa Rica; communication network; community response; COVID-19; entrepreneur; social media; sustainability; tourism development Big data analytics (BDA); Challenges of data analytics; Healthcare supply chains	 cooperation; development strategy; LED; local economic development; sustainable development; tourism	South Africa; economic development; governance approach; local economy; research; sustainable development; tourism development; tourism management Bibliometric analysis; Big data analytics; Sustainable development goal; Sustainable societies; Sustainable tourism; Systematic literature review	 ecological risks; ecological vulnerability; floating populations; geo-tagged big data; landscape aesthetic value; nature-based tourism; Tibet	 AI; big data; customization; innovation; marketing; personalization	 collective public transport by bus; importance-performance analysis; individual private transport by automobile; likert scale	 Bottom-up; formative; reflective; subjective wellbeing; support for tourism development; top-down; tourism impacts	China; Macau; bottom-up approach; least squares method; numerical model; perception; quality of life; social theory; tourism development Big data; Cloud computing; Digital transformation; Geotechnologies; Immersive technologies; Smart tourism	 Consumer values; Decision-making; Destination choice; Pro-sustainability; Sustainability; Sustainability development values; Sustainability values; Tourist behavior	 AI; Intelligent information system; recommender system; smart tourism; social tourism; sustainable tourism	Decision making; Information systems; Information use; Intelligent systems; Real time systems; Tourism; Cutting edge technology; Decisions makings; Global scale; Intelligent information systems; Smart tourism; Social tourism; Sustainable tourism; Technological advancement; Tourism industry; Work process; Recommender systems agile optimization; data analytics; distributed machine learning; Internet of Vehicles; IoT analytics; smart cities; vehicle networking	 Hierarchy theory; Parks and protected areas; Social-ecological systems; Survey methods; Visitor behaviors and decision-making; Visitor use management	 	 Big data; Future research agenda; Literature review; Science mapping analysis; SciMAT; Tourism marketing	 airport; big data; cognitive analytics; connectivity; fiscal policy; Lombok; MotoGP; special economic zone	 COVID-19; Intelligent transport systems (ITS); Pandemic; Sustainable mobility; Travel behavior; Urban resilience	 	 importance analysis; Quality factors; supervised LDA; topic modelling; wildlife tourism experience	Internet; machine learning; nature conservation; perception; qualitative analysis; research work; supervised learning; sustainability; tourism market COVID-19 pandemic; Electronic and virtual tourism; Planning; Sports tourism; Tourism crisis	 Ecosystem and biodiversity; Ecotourism framework; Environmental sustainability and degradation; Natural environment; Tourism development and growth	Conservation of Natural Resources; Ecosystem; Environmental Pollution; Humans; Reproducibility of Results; Tourism; biodiversity; ecotourism; environmental degradation; policy approach; sustainability; tourism development; ecosystem; environmental protection; human; pollution; reproducibility; tourism Cultural heritage; Healthy settlement; Small island; Sustainability	Greater Sunda Islands; Indonesia; Riau Islands; Sumatra; Sunda Isles; civilization; cultural heritage; cultural tradition; settlement planning; sustainable development; traditional knowledge Data; Evidence-based policymaking; Urban mobility	Netherlands; mobility; transportation development; transportation planning; transportation policy; urban transport Economic Policy Uncertainty; Geopolitical Risks; Hofstede; Panel Data Analysis; Tourism	 Abaya-chamo lake; ecosystem service; sedimentation; turbidity; Wetland degradation	 Halal; Halal Tourism; Rural Tourism	 Community support; cultural tourism; grounded theory; Iran tourism; small heritage sites; sustainable tourism development	 competitive advantage; demand side; supply side; tourist destinations	Indonesia; ecotourism; performance assessment; tourism development; tourist destination Big data; Discount; Mathematical model; Quality of service; Sustainable tourism; Wellness tourism	Big data; Customer satisfaction; Goal programming; Operating costs; Supply chains; Sustainable development; Tourism; Capacity increase; Customers' satisfaction; Discount; Quality-of-service; Quantitative parameters; Service capacity; Social impact; Sustainable supply chains; Sustainable tourism; Wellness tourism; Quality of service Big data; Data science; Multimodality; Origin–destination matrices; Public transport; Sustainable mobility	Matrix algebra; Smart cards; Statistics; Dynamic origin/destination matrixes; Mobility pattern; Multi-modal; Multi-modality; Origin destination matrices; Public transport; Public transport networks; Sustainable mobility; Transport networks; User's profiles; Big data CiteSpace; forest landscape ecology; Knowledge graph; visual analysis	Data visualization; Ecology; Knowledge graph; Sustainable development; Visual languages; Citespace; Development status; Forest landscape; Forest landscape ecology; Knowledge graphs; Landscape ecology; Research status; Status of forests; Visual analysis; Visualization analysis; Big data AI and machine learning; Big data; Predictive analytics; Smart transportation; Travel time	 big data; Nvivo 12.0; social media; sustainability; tourism for sustainability; tourism industry	 Data driven urban design; Machine learning; Post-COVID; Sustainable communities; Urban data analysis	 Education union; Effect analysis; Hybrid quantum; Neural network	Carbon; Data handling; Decision making; Information analysis; Machine learning; Neural networks; Quality control; Resource allocation; Statistics; Supply chain management; Chain models; Education quality; Education union; Educational resource; Effects analysis; Hybrid quantum; Neural networks algorithms; Neural-networks; Quality evaluation; Quantum neural networks; Efficiency geodiversity; geohazard; geopark; geosite; geotourism; Indonesia	 Bearing capacity accounting; Big data visualization; ecotourism	Big data; Decision making; Deterioration; Ecology; Sustainable development; Tourism; Visualization; Bearing capacity accounting; Big data visualization; Development strategies; Eco-tourisms; Environmental awareness; Environmental quality; Overexploitation; Potential threats; Research papers; Tourist attractions; Data visualization conscious community; conscious mobility; conscious technologies; electric mobility; mobility behaviors; smart mobility; sustainable mobility; transportation systems; urban mobility	 accessible transportation and mobility; data analysis; micromobility; services; sustainability and resilience; technology; transportation and society	Logistic regression; Accessible transportation and mobility; Micro-mobility; Rapid growth; Service; Sustainability and resilience; Technology; Transportation and society; Trip patterns; Usage patterns; User characteristics; Vehicles Citespace; cruise ship; cruise tourism market; low carbon; sustainability	 destination environmental orientation; environmental awareness; environmental concern; Environmental knowledge; pro-environmental behavior; symbolic clustering; symbolic data analysis 	 Altman Z-score model; financial performance; going concern; sustainability practices; tourism industry	financial crisis; panel data; sustainability; tourism market Big data; Clustering; Multi-source data fusion; Public transportation chain; Urban public transportation; User portrait	Clustering algorithms; Data fusion; Economics; Information management; Motor transportation; Traffic congestion; Transportation routes; Urban transportation; Clusterings; Model construction; Multi-source data fusion; Multisource data; Public transport; Public transport systems; Public transportation; Public transportation chain; Urban public transportations; User portrait; Big data AMI data; Behavioral sciences; Charging stations; data analysis; DC charging; Electric vehicle charging; EV charging; highway; level-3 charging; NEVI; Power demand; RES; Road transportation; Smart meters; sustainability; Sustainable development	Behavioral research; Charging (batteries); Electric power utilization; Motor transportation; Smart meters; Solar power generation; Traffic control; AMI data; Behavioral science; Charging station; DC charging; Electric vehicle charging; EV Charging; Highway; Level-3 charging; National electric vehicle infrastructure; Power demands; RES; Road transportation; Sustainable development Customer satisfaction; Ecological hotel; Online review; Sustainability; Text mining	 Electronic word of mouth; Partial least square; Pro-environmental behavior; Structural equation modeling; Sustainable tourism; Tourist satisfaction; West Sumatra	Indonesia; West Sumatra; ecotourism; environmentalism; least squares method; numerical model; regression analysis; sustainability; tourist behavior 	 	 construction; ecology; Guilin; smart tourism	China; Guangxi Zhuangzu; Guilin; ecotourism; innovation; marketing; recreational activity; sustainable development; tourism development; urban area daily leisure; LDA topic modeling; urban forest; Urban Forest Visit Motivation Scale (UFVMS); urban sustainability	Incheon [South Korea]; Seoul [South Korea]; South Korea; academic research; forest management; spatiotemporal analysis; sustainability; transportation planning; urban forestry; urban population 	 Traffic counts; Traffic monitoring; Travel time; Urban analytics	 challenges; Horizon 2020; research topics; transport research	artificial intelligence; database; European Union; paradigm shift; project management; research work; strategic approach 	 Big Data; Data sources; Decision making; Open data; Traveller behaviour; Trip planner	 best practices; DEA; efficiency; sustainability; Tourism	data envelopment analysis; ecotourism; European Union; sustainability; tourism 	 economic development; local economic development; South Africa; sustainable tourism development; Vaal Triangle region	 Energy intensity; High-speed railway; Inter-regional network; Modal shift; Panel data analysis	 Car-sharing; Econometric models; Pakistan; Shared mobility; Sharing economy; Travel demand management	Lahore; Pakistan; Punjab [Pakistan]; adoption behavior; car use; megacity; perception Ethiopia; Risk factors; Under-five mortality; Zero-inflated Poisson model	charcoal; drinking water; adolescent; adult; awareness; birth order; child; data analysis; death; demography; electricity; Ethiopia; family structure; female; health survey; household; human; incidence; major clinical study; male; mortality; mortality rate; mother; place of birth; public health; questionnaire; regression model; retrospective study; Review; risk factor; rural area; single parent; sustainable development goal centrality of transportation network; complex network; Lijiang, Yunnan; operational types of tourism; spatial coupling; tourism urbanization	China; Lijiang; Yunnan; public transport; spatial analysis; spatial distribution; tourism; tourist attraction; urbanization bibliometric; collaborative economy; sharing economy; trends tourism	epidemic; performance assessment; sustainability; tourism economics; tourism market; tourist destination; trend analysis cardiorespiratory fitness; exercise; field test; hiking safety	 Big data; Built environment; Spatio-temporal behavior; Transport; Urban planning	Chengdu; China; Sichuan; data management; empirical analysis; socioeconomic conditions; spatiotemporal analysis; travel behavior; urban planning; urban transport Environmental sustainability; Panel data analysis; Regulatory dimension; Risk dimension; Sun-and-beach tourism	 Expo City Dubai; Smart City; Smart Tourism; Sustainability; Urban Planning	5G mobile communication systems; Housing; Internet of things; Sustainable development; Tourism; Urban planning; Advanced technology; Development plans; Dual approach; Expo city dubai; Information technology systems; Resource use; Smart tourism; Technical development; Urban areas; Urban infrastructure; Smart city 	China; Cities; Commerce; Data Analysis; Humans; Rivers; Social Network Analysis; Social Networking; Tourism; Travel; article; blogging; city; government; human; river; social network analysis; tourism; travel; China; commercial phenomena; data analysis; river; social network; travel Banff national park; Gateway community management; Residents' perceptions; Tourism impacts	Alberta; Banff National Park; Canada; ecotourism; national park; perception; quality of life; regression analysis; spatiotemporal analysis; strategic approach; tourism management Congestion; Cosinor regression; Neighbourhood sustainability assessment (NSA); Travel time reliability; Travel times rhythmicity	Ljubljana; Slovenia; Meteorology; Reliability; Sustainable development; Traffic congestion; Travel time; Congestion; Cosinor regression; Neighborhood sustainability assessment; Neighborhood sustainability assessments; Time index; Time trends; Traffic data; Travel time reliability; Travel time rhythmicity; Travel-time; neighborhood; regression analysis; traffic congestion; travel time; Regression analysis artisanal mining; bibliometric analysis; environment; mining; small-scale mining	Bibliometrics; Geology; Gold; Humans; Mercury; Mining; mercury; gold; mercury; artisanal mining; economic growth; exploitation; mineral resource; small scale mining; sustainable development; artisanal and small scale mining; bibliometrics; citation analysis; data analysis software; data processing; environmental impact; environmental protection; health hazard; human; information processing; international cooperation; mining; research; Review; small scale gold mining; social aspect; soil pollution; sustainable development; tourism; geology; mining ABM; air quality; big data; big data GIS applications; CDR; data-driven decision-making; emission; telecom data; traffic; urban studies	 geographic information system (GIS); Granger causality; lignite life cycle; Normalised Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI); opencast mining; panel data analysis; reclamation; remote sensing; rural development; sustainable development	Economic analysis; Economic and social effects; Environmental protection; Environmental technology; Geographic information systems; Life cycle; Reclamation; Regional planning; Remote sensing; Sustainable development; Geographic information system; Granger Causality; Lignite life cycle; Lignite mining; Normalized difference vegetation index; Open-cast mining; Panel data analysis; Remote-sensing; Rural development; Lignite leisure agriculture; optimization strategy; quality evaluation; spatial patterns; tourists' perceptions	 	 citizens’ perception; Greece; neighborhood satisfaction; ordinal logistic regression; pre-construction survey; public transport satisfaction; Thessaloniki; transit-oriented development; urban rail station	Greece; Thessaloniki; catchment; logistics; public transport; regression; urban sprawl data analysis; Lisbon city; SDG 11; shared road transport; sustainable mobility	Bicycles; Climate change; Energy utilization; Fossil fuels; Gas emissions; Greenhouse gases; Wind; Energy-consumption; Final energy; Greenhouse gas emissions; Lisbon city; Modal shifts; Road transports; SDG 11; Shared road transport; Sharing systems; Sustainable mobility; Travel time Ballast water management (BWM); Blue growth; Coastal tourism; Digital navigation; Exclusive economic zone; Fisheries and aquaculture; Global innovation index (GIT); OECD; Shipping and shipbreaking; Sustainable development goals; Sustainable growth; UNCLOS	 bioeconomy; Butia palm groves network; ethnobotany; genetic resources; sociobiodiversity	 Bus operation; Intelligent transportation; Passenger flow; Smart transit; Transit assessment; Transit network design	Mass transportation; Motor transportation; Urban growth; Urban transportation; Bus operation; Intelligent transportation; Network design and optimizations; Passenger flow characteristics; Passenger flows; Public transport; Public transport service; Smart transit; Transit assessment; Transit network design; Land use Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Future research agenda; Inbound tourism; Knowledge-based platform; Scientific structure	 COVID-19 crisis; Digitalisation; Human capital; Social innovation; Sustainable development; Sustainable tourism	 Future resilience; Grounded theory; Sentiment analysis; Sharing economy; Twitter analysis	India; future prospect; social media; tourism development; tourism management; tourist behavior; travel behavior Augmented reality (AR); Customer experience; Industry 4.0; Smart tourism; Technology; Virtual reality (VR); “3S” technology	 Halal tourism; Sustainable tourism; Technology adoption; Tourism 4.0; Tourism resilience	 cross-data analysis; cross-modal models; federated learning; hidden knowledge reveal; image clustering and segmentation; prediction model; privacy-preserving; social multimedia; time-series data forecast; transformer	Buildings; Disaster prevention; Forecasting; Image segmentation; Modal analysis; Search engines; Time series analysis; Cross-data analyse; Cross-modal; Cross-modal model; Data forecast; Federated learning; Hidden knowledge; Hidden knowledge reveal; Image clustering; Images segmentations; Modal models; Prediction modelling; Privacy preserving; Social multimedium; Time-series data; Time-series data forecast; Transformer; Data Analytics carrying capacity; ecotourism; mangrove; rehabilitation; suitability	 environmentally responsible behavior; intention; norm activation model; theory of planned behavior; trail tourist	China; comparative study; morality; perception; spatiotemporal analysis; sustainability Chengde; coupling coordination degree; eco-tourism; economy	Chengde; China; Hebei; data set; ecological theory; ecotourism; innovation; reconstruction; tourism; tourism development; tourism economics Cartographic visualization; Cultural and historical heritage; Danube limes; Tourist valorization	Djerdap National Park; Serbia; cartography; cultural heritage; ecotourism; lime; Roman era; sustainable development; tourism development; tourist destination; valorization; visualization authenticity; cultural heritage value; destination image; historic districts; landscapes; place attachment; stimulus–organism–response (SOR) model; sustainability; visual preference	Taiwan; cultural heritage; landscape planning; questionnaire survey; spatiotemporal analysis; sustainability; sustainable development; tourism development; tourist destination; visual analysis big data; stakeholder relationship; sustainability pillars; sustainable development; sustainable tourism	 COVID-19; sustainability; tourism destination choice; tourist psychology; tourist safety measures; tourist trust	 macro-plastic; marine protected area; micro-plastic; Phu Quoc; policy recommendations; single-use plastics; Vietnam	 	 Explainable machine learning; Sustainable mobility; Urban form effects; Urban planning	Berlin; Germany; Carbon; Sustainable development; Urban planning; 'current; City cars; Explainable machine learning; Form effect; Learning frameworks; Machine-learning; Sustainable cities; Sustainable mobility; Urban form; Urban form effect; car use; carbon emission; commuting; knowledge; machine learning; mobility; urban planning; Machine learning Ecotourism; Loyalty; Motivation; Satisfaction; Sociodemographic characteristics	 cluster; cultural integration; evaluation; green development; industrial clusters; sustainable development concept	Integration; Sustainable development; Tourism; Blockings; Cluster; Clusterings; Cultural integration; Evaluation; Green development; Industrial cluster; Industry clusters; Reliable detection; Sustainable development concept; Big data active participation; community; community-based tourism; entrepreneurship; social responsibility	Ecuador; Santa Elena; corporate social responsibility; cultural heritage; entrepreneur; equity; sustainability; tourism; tourist destination blogs; consumption; discourse; family leisure; nature; nature-based tourism; parenthood	Taiwan; empirical analysis; ideology; leisure and recreation; leisure industry; parentage; perception; social media; sustainability ecotourism pillars; geotourism; interpretation; perceptions	 Big data; Chiang Mai; Chinese tourist; Circle of representation; Construction; Projected image; Tourism destination image	Chiang Mai [Northern Region]; India; Mai; Thailand; Uttar Pradesh; construction; diachronism; marketing; sustainability; tourism management; tourist attraction Circular economy; Destination; Ecobnb; Smart tourism; Sustainability	 Big data of railway passenger flow; Economic connection model; Railway network density; Spatial interaction; Weighted average travel time	 Anthropological transformation; Artificial Intelligence; Augmented reality; Authenticity; Big data; Communication; Computer graphics; Computer vision; Cultural heritage; Digital content; Digital divide; Digital Heritage; Digitalization; Dissonant heritage; Education/training; Emotional performance; Enabling technologies; Enjoyment; Ethical and esthetical category; Globalization; Hard science; Human and technological; Humanism; Humanities; Identity values; Image analysis; Infosphere; Interdisciplinarity; Internet of Games I; Internet of Things; Knowledge; Memory; Mixed reality; Monitoring; Multi-image-matching systems; Natural and artificial; Own memory; Programmatic conservation; Reproducibility; Resilience; Right to Heritage; Robotic; Serious game; Simplification; Smart historic cities; Standardization; Structure for Motion; Sustainable development; Technological divide; Technology; Touristification; Unmanned Aerial Vehicles; Virtual reality	 	 Energy; Greenhouse gas emission; Renewable energy; Tourism development	Carbon Dioxide; Data Analysis; Economic Development; Environmental Pollution; Fossil Fuels; Greenhouse Gases; Renewable Energy; Tourism; carbon dioxide; fossil fuel; alternative energy; ecotourism; energy use; environmental fate; global warming; greenhouse gas; mitigation; OECD; panel data; tourism development; data analysis; economic development; greenhouse gas; pollution; renewable energy; tourism companies; home-based telework; suburban area; sustainable mobility	Germany; Hannover; Lower Saxony; automobile; commuting; COVID-19; social mobility; suburban area; sustainability; workplace bibliometrics; big data; consumer science; household food waste; prevention; sustainability	 Adaptive traffic control systems; Large-scale Global Positioning System (GPS) data analysis; New York City (NYC); Taxi GPS data; Traffic speed	Kansas; Manhattan; United States; Global positioning system; Motor transportation; Speed; Taxicabs; Traffic congestion; Adaptive traffic control; Adaptive traffic control system; Large-scale global positioning system  data analyse; Large-scales; Manhattans; New York city; Taxi global positioning system data; Traffic control systems; Traffic speed; control system; data processing; GPS; implementation process; sensor; traffic congestion; traffic management; transportation policy; Adaptive control systems COVID-19; Economic recovery; Tourism recovery; Tourism sustainability; Vaccine apartheid	Economic analysis; International trade; Sustainable development; Vaccines; COVID-19; Domestic product; Economic recovery; International tourisms; Tourism industry; Tourism recovery; Tourism sustainability; United Nations; Vaccine apartheid; Value chains; COVID-19; sustainability; tourism economics; tourism market; vaccine; Recovery Content analysis; Environment; Environmental reporting; Environmental sustainability; Global practices; Hotels; Management; Tourism; Websites	New Zealand; environmental economics; environmental policy; hotel industry; management practice; sustainability; tourism management; World Wide Web Applicable Criteria and Indicators; Mangrove Forest Management System; Sustainability Index	 	 Big data; Cause; COVID-19; Crisis situation; Sentiment analysis; Virtual tourism	COVID-19; sustainable development; tourism development; tourism management; tourism market; tourist behavior; tourist destination; travel behavior; virtual reality Chinese outbound tourists; Ethnic discrimination; Malaysia; Social sustainability; Tourist bubble	 e-Tourism; ICT; Suppliers; Tourism curriculum; Tourism ecosystem; Tourists	 Data mining; Social media data analysis; Tweet activity; Tweet sentiment; Twitter; Urban rail transit	China; Hong Kong; accessibility; data mining; railway transport; social media; transportation infrastructure; travel behavior; urban transport China; Golden Week; Holiday tourism flow; Ocean astronomical tide; Tidal tourist flow; Tourism seasonality	China; competitiveness; conceptual framework; seasonality; tourism development; tourism management area criteria; conservation value; eco-tourism; sustainable	 Destination; Phenomenography; Smart Tourism; Stakeholder Theory; Synergies	 Cultural ecosystem services; Human well-being; Supply and demand; Sustainability; Tibetan Plateau	China; Qinghai-Xizang Plateau; demand analysis; ecosystem service; social media; socioeconomic conditions; supply chain management; sustainability; topography; transportation system big data; Chinese township; competitiveness evaluation; rural tourism	China; Henan; administration; competitiveness; integrated approach; optimization; rural landscape; sustainable development; tourism development alliances; nautical stations; sport tourism; strategy; sustainability	 Big data; Bike-sharing systems; Carbon emissions; Energy consumption; Gender; Nitrogen oxides	New York [New York (STT)]; New York [United States]; United States; carbon emission; cycle transport; data set; energy use; environmental protection; gender relations; nitrogen oxides; public transport; urban transport Big Data; Grey Correlation; Rural Tourism; Sustainable Development	Air quality; Big data; Data mining; Factor analysis; Quality control; Data characteristics; Gray correlation; Grey correlation methods; Grey correlation theories; Hotspots; Rural tourisms; Sorting outs; Tourist attractions; Stars behavioral intention; cultural emotion; experience design; festive events; travel motivation	behavioral response; cultural identity; experimental design; festival; travel behavior coupling coordination degree; exploratory spatial data analysis (ESDA); industry convergence; sports industry; tourism industry	China; Guangdong; Hong Kong; Macau; Zhujiang Estuary; agglomeration; development level; development strategy; industrial development; industrial structure; quality of life; regional policy; spatial analysis; spillover effect; sport; sustainability; tourism market 20α-Dihydrodydrogesterone; abortion; dydrogesterone; frozen-thawed embryo transfer; in vitro fertilization; luteal phase; luteal phase support; miscarriage; progesterone	Body Weight; Chromatography, Liquid; Cohort Studies; Dydrogesterone; Embryo Transfer; Estradiol; Female; Fertilization in Vitro; Humans; Ovulation Induction; Pregnancy; Pregnancy Rate; Progesterone; Prospective Studies; Tandem Mass Spectrometry; 20alpha dihydrodydrogesterone; dydrogesterone; estradiol; gestagen; unclassified drug; dydrogesterone; estradiol; progesterone; adult; anovulation; Article; blastocyst; blood sampling; body weight; clinical outcome; cohort analysis; controlled study; demographics; embryo; embryo development; embryo transfer; female; food intake; freeze thawing; gestational age; human; human tissue; liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry; liquid liquid extraction; live birth; luteal phase; major clinical study; menstrual cycle; missed abortion; pregnancy; pregnancy rate; pregnancy test; prospective study; spontaneous abortion; steady state; variance; embryo transfer; in vitro fertilization; liquid chromatography; ovulation induction; procedures; tandem mass spectrometry cloud computing; cultural tourism big data platform; internet; system design	Big data; Tourism; Cloud computing technologies; Cloud-computing; Cultural tourism big data platform; Data platform; Design and Development; Internet computing; Platform construction; Tourism industry; Cloud computing Hainan; sport tourism; SWOT	China; Hainan; local government; research work; sport; sustainability; tourism development; tourism economics; tourist destination artificial intelligence; big data analytics; business performance; competitive advantage; smart tourism; tourism industry	 bottom-up; community planning; Participation; urban project	 gastronomy development; gastronomy potential; sustainable gastronomy tourism	Aceh; Indonesia; Indonesia; Medan; North Sumatra; Pacific Ocean; sustainable development Beijing; China; important-performance analysis (IPA); mountain landscape; perceived destination image; social media data; social media data; text analysis; tourism sustainability	 Job accessibility; Multi-source big data; Travel cost; Two-step floating catchment area; Urban traffic	Catchments; Employment; Job analysis; Travel time; Catchment area; Multi-source big data; Multi-Sources; Private cars; Public transportation; Public-private; Travel costs; Travel-time; Two-step floating catchment area; Urban traffic; Big data artificial intelligence; computer vision; deep learning; emission estimation; fuel efficiency; heavy-duty trucks; machine learning; predictive maintenance; self-driving	Accident prevention; Automobiles; Computer vision; Deep learning; Digital storage; Fuels; Learning systems; Maintenance; Trucks; Deep learning; Emissions estimation; Fuel efficiency; Heavy duty vehicles; Heavy-duty trucks; Machine-learning; Predictive maintenance; Self drivings; Transportation industry; Trucking industry; Automotive industry Corfu; strategic analysis; SWOT; tourism model; tourism planning; tourism product	 length of stay; mobile big data analytics; network motif; travel mobility; urban tourism	mobility; network analysis; pattern recognition; tourism; tourist destination; travel behavior; urban area empowering leadership; perception of women’s work; psychological empowerment; self-efficacy; sustainable tourism development; tourism involvement	 Air quality; Big data; China; Climate change; Coastal cities; Coastal tourism; Tourism Climate Index	China; atmospheric pollution; coastal zone; model validation; spatial distribution; sustainability; tourism development Assam tourism; Kaziranga National Park; Luxury tourism; Sustainable luxury tourism; Systematic literature review; Tourist review	 carbon neutral city; data analysis; Linkedlin; python; Weibo	 Big data; Construal level theory; Google trends analytics; Social media; Social media analytics; Topic modeling; Twitter; User-generated content (UGC)	 Croatia; Econometric analysis; Secondary Data; Slovenia; Time series Forecasting; Tourist Arrivals	 analysis; big data; CONCOR analysis; online news; text mining	 energy consumption; energy efficiency; EU countries; panel analysis; random effects; tourist overnight stays	 anticipated emotions; attitude toward the pro-social behavior; COVID-related heritage tourism; norm activation model (NAM); pro-social behavioral intentions; social norm	 coastal; marine; motivation; segmentation; sustainable; tourism	Costa Rica; marine resource; segmentation; tourism; tourist destination dynamics; experience; Hiking; mood; place attachment; sustainable	Cheju [Cheju (PRV/ISL)]; Cheju [South Korea]; South Korea; ecotourism; measurement method; perception; questionnaire survey; recreational activity; tourism economics; tourism market; tourist behavior energy; information and communication system; Intelligent transportation; internet of things; network traffic	Data handling; Decision making; Digital storage; Energy management; Energy utilization; Information management; Intelligent systems; Intelligent vehicle highway systems; Railroad transportation; Shipways; Sustainable development; Vehicle to vehicle communications; Eficiency; Energy; Energy-consumption; Information and communication systems; Intelligent transportation; Intelligent transportation systems; Network trafic;; Public transit; Sustainable energy management; Transport networks; Internet of things ecological civilization construction; ecological security; sustainable development; tourism; tourism ecological security (TES); tourist destination	civilization; security; sustainable development; tourism management; tourist destination Good governance; Information and communication technology; Overtourism; Sustainable development	 coastal; Jacó; marine; perceived value; sustainable	Costa Rica; Pacific Ocean; COVID-19; multiple regression; sustainable development; tourist destination 	Electronic commerce; Strategic planning; Analysis models; Business growth; Development directions; Development strategies; E- commerces; E-commerce development; Rural tourisms; Structure analysis; SWOT analysis; Tourism development; Big data Discrete choice model; GPS trajectories; Pedestrian route choice; Sustainable mobility; Travel behavior; Walkability	Boston; California; Massachusetts; San Francisco [California]; United States; Decision making; Transportation routes; Discrete choice models; GPS trajectory; Pedestrian route choice; Pedestrian routes; Policy making; Route choice; San Francisco; Sustainable mobility; Travel behaviour; Walkability; discrete choice analysis; GPS; satellite data; satellite imagery; transportation development; transportation policy; travel behavior; Large dataset characterizing; communities; dependence; forest conservation areas; non-timber forest product (NTFP)	 Big social data; Eco-friendly hotels; Electronic word-of-mouth; Machine learning techniques; Sustainable tourism	Commerce; Decision making; Environmental protection; Fuzzy inference; Fuzzy neural networks; Fuzzy sets; Hotels; Learning algorithms; Linguistics; Singular value decomposition; Supervised learning; Unsupervised learning; Big social data; Eco-friendly; Eco-friendly hotel; Electronic word-of-mouth; Learning techniques; Machine learning techniques; Multicriteria decision-making; Online reviews; Preference learning; Sustainable tourism; Sales 	Economic and social effects; Information management; Planning; Regional planning; Rural areas; Sustainable development; Tourism; Continuous improvements; Daily lives; Economic integration; Geographic information; Living standards; Multi-sensor information; Rural development; Rural tourisms; Tourism development; Traveler behaviors; Big data change management; natural assets; programming; recreation; tourism; Ukraine	 Dooars; Ecotourism; smart tourism; sustainable development; TCT technologies	Costs; Ecology; Sustainable development; Dooar; Eco-tourism development; Eco-tourisms; Information and Communication Technologies; Local community; Smart tourism; TCT technology; Technology infrastructure; Tourism industry; West Bengal; Tourism 	Artificial intelligence; Big data; Data handling; Ecology; Information management; Planning; Sustainable development; Cloud-computing; Ecological footprint; Heritage sites; Heritage tourisms; International community; Natural heritages; Natural landscapes; Next generation communication network; Public enterprise; Tourism development; Data mining Africa; Disability; Mobility challenges; Planning; Policy; Transport	Disabled Persons; Ghana; Humans; Quality of Life; South Africa; Sustainable Development; adult; article; controlled study; disabled person; Ghana; heat; human; interview; practice guideline; quality of life; social isolation; South Africa; travel; Ghana; quality of life; sustainable development Digital Interactions; Digital Platforms; Smart Cities; Sustainable Development	Cities; COVID-19; Humans; Models, Theoretical; Pandemics; Policy; algorithm; Article; data analysis; decision making; environmental policy; government regulation; health care organization; health care policy; health service; human; mathematical model; migrant; pandemic; patient isolation; peer review; program development; public health; social attitude; theoretical model; city; policy Open kitchen; Restaurants; Sustainable growth; Tourism; Visitors	 Big Data analytics; push-pull motivations; sustainable tourism destinations	Behavioral research; Big data; Decision making; Sustainable development; Data-driven model; Decisions makings; Information and Communication Technologies; Information searching; Push pull; Push-pull motivation; Smart devices; Sustainable tourism; Sustainable tourism destination; Tourism sectors; Motivation Eco-friendly performance; Environmental tourism; PLS-SEM; Sustainable economy; UTAUT2; Virtual Reality; VR	Adult; Humans; Intention; Middle Aged; Parks, Recreational; Surveys and Questionnaires; Tourism; Virtual Reality; Costa Rica; Animals; Environmental protection; Parks; Surveys; Sustainable development; Costa Rica; Eco-friendly; Eco-friendly performance; Environmental tourism; Intention to use; National parks; Performance; PLS-SEM; Sustainable economy; UTAUT2; conservation management; ecotourism; environmental protection; national park; performance assessment; sustainability; sustainable development; adoption; adult; article; Costa Rica; data analysis; economic aspect; fauna; field work; flora; human; national park; theoretical study; tourism; virtual reality; young adult; behavior; middle aged; questionnaire; recreational park; tourism; Virtual reality Multigroup analysis; Resident attitudes toward tourism; Rural tourism; Social capital; Structural equation modeling; Support for tourism; Sustainable tourism	 	Public policy; Regression analysis; Trees (mathematics); Built environment; Elderly people; Explanatory variables; Multivariate linear regression model; Nanjing; Policy implications; Public transport; Sustainable cities; Trip time; Usage patterns; Smart cards 	 Digital communication; Environmental policy; Generation Z; Marketing communication; Segmentation; Sustainability; Tourism; Tourist behavior	 	 Best worst method (BWM); Big data; Big data analytics (BDA); Data analysis; Decision making; Internet of Things; Sensors; Smart city; Sustainable development	Advanced Analytics; Big data; Data Analytics; Data integration; Electric power transmission networks; Internet of things; Planning; Smart city; Sustainable development; Urban growth; BAD methods; Best bad method; Big data analytic; Data analyse; Decisions makings; Emerging countries; Government; Medical services; Smart grid; Sustainable development; Decision making 	Coarsening; Dynamics; Kinematics; Nonlinear equations; Stability; Surface tension; Constant pressure gradient; Coupled nonlinear evolution equations; Instability mechanisms; Interfacial instability; Linear instabilities; Long waves; Resonance mechanism; Three-layer; Travelling waves; Two-layer; Shear flow Big data; Linear and logistic regression; Mobility; Support vector machine (SVM); Traffic management	Big data; Carrier mobility; Data Analytics; Logistic regression; Smart city; Data analytics; High securities; Logistics regressions; Mobility; Smart livings; Support vector machine; Support vectors machine; Traffic conditions; Traffic management; Urban changes; Support vector machines 	Ecology; Forecasting; Long short-term memory; Analysis method; Auto-regressive; Data set; Ecological carrying capacity; Ecological data; Ecological evaluation; Ecological footprint; Moving average model; Per capita; Prediction methods; Big data Internet plus; Network attention; Network satisfaction; Tourism economy	Economic and social effects; Statistics; Tourism; Data statistics; Information industry; Informatization; Internet plus; Mobile Internet; Network attention; Network satisfaction; Social economy; Tourism economy; Tourism industry; Surveys Big data; Delay; Estimation; Mobility; Reliability; Trip planner	 Conservation; Geoheritage; Geopark; Karst; Sustainable development	Kedah; Langkawi; Malaysia; West Malaysia; conceptual framework; conservation management; ecotourism; heritage conservation; karst; sustainable development Artificial intelligence; Data analytics; Diagnostic testing; Epidemic; Health systems; Infectious disease; Risk management; Simulation modeling	 	 	 Carrying capacity; Quality; Recreational	East Java; Indonesia; Malang; beach; carrying capacity; coastal zone; ecotourism; local government; recreational activity; sustainability; tourism management Artificial intelligence; Development research; Resource evaluation; Urban tourism resources	Tourism; Urban growth; Construction of models; Cultural resources; Development research; Human society; Resource evaluation; Resources based; Tourism development; Tourism industry; Urban tourism resource; Urban tourisms; Artificial intelligence 	 cartographic resources; GIS; recreational resources; remote sensing; tourist; web atlases; web maps; web portals	Beverages; Conservation; Environmental regulations; Parks; Portals; Remote sensing; Cartographic resource; Ecological balance; Geo-information; Natural reserves; Recreational resource; Remote-sensing; Tourist; Ukraine; Web atlas; Web map; Geographic information systems Energy-saving initiatives; Madeira Island; Overtourism; Panel data; Sustainable development	Madeira; Portugal; carrying capacity; dispersion; panel data; quality of life; research work; rural area; sustainable development; tourism development; tourism market South Africa; tour operators; township tourism; typology of challenges	 	 E-commerce; Innovation and development; Internet+; Rural tourism	Strategic planning; Current situation; Developed countries; Development prospects; Development strategies; E- commerces; Innovation and development; Internet+; Paper analysis; Rural tourisms; Tourism E-commerce; Electronic commerce dynamic capabilities for resilience; integrative approach; organizational resilience; structural equation model; sustainable tourism	 Community participation; Community-based tourism; Sustainable tourism	 Mount Sanqingshan; Satisfaction survey; Study tour; Theory of tourist perceived value; World geopark	Eigenvalues and eigenfunctions; Independent living systems; Software reliability; Students; Sustainable development; Common factors; Educational activities; Mount sanqingshan; Perceived value; Questionnaire surveys; Satisfaction survey; Students' practical abilities; Study tour; Theory of tourist perceived value; World geopark; Surveys agricultural economy; big data; coordinated development; rural tourism	China; Guiyang; Guizhou; agricultural economics; data set; industrial structure; rural development; tourism development; tourism management Exploratory spatial data analysis; Geographical information system; Level of service; Spatial autocorrelation; Vehicle miles traveled	Dane County; United States; Wisconsin; exploration; infrastructure planning; spatial data; sustainability; transportation infrastructure; transportation policy; travel demand Ambivalent emotion; Destination involvement; Place attachment; Responsible tourism	Penghu Islands; Taiwan; ecotourism; questionnaire survey; spatiotemporal analysis; tourism; tourism development; tourist destination centro histórico; gentrificación; Gentrification; historic district; lifestyle migration; migración por estilo de vida; overtourism; Sevilla; Seville; Sobreturismo; social sustainability; sostenibilidad social	Andalucia; Sevilla; Seville; Spain; gentrification; heritage tourism; lifestyle; migration; sustainability; tourist destination 	Big data; Internet of things; Surveys; 'current; Cultural industries; Data technologies; Digital construction; Human being; Industrial innovation; Inevitable trends; New science; Science and Technology; Tourism industry; Internet of Everything benefit sharing; Community participation; cultural tourism; governance; heritage tourism; rural tourism	 CBT development; Community-based tourism; Guidelines; Trans-boundary tourism	 	Industrial economics; Internet of things; Tourism; Development status; Development trends; Economic development; Internet of things technologies; Living standards; Management level; Reception capacity; Technological development; Tourism industry; Tourist destinations; Economic and social effects 	Artificial Intelligence; Conservation of Energy Resources; Economic Development; Inventions; Sustainable Development; article; artificial intelligence; big data; blockchain; cloud computing; economic aspect; economic development; education; empowerment; finance; human; human experiment; internet of things; marketing; sustainable development; tourism; artificial intelligence; energy conservation; invention ADS-B data analysis; aircraft engine degradation; dust dose	 Customer experience; Customer satisfaction; Online review; Selection attribute; Semantic network analysis; Text mining	Internet; perception; regression analysis; strategic approach; sustainability; sustainable development; World Wide Web Governance role; Local communities; Sustainable tourism; Tourism destination	 	 Mobility; Persuasion; Persuasive Strategies; Sustainable Mobility; Transport	Surveys; Environmental challenges; Mobility; Persuasion; Persuasive designs; Persuasive strategy; Pollution level; Social challenges; Sustainable mobility; Transport; Transport sectors; Sustainable development anthropocentrism; ecocentrism; environmental attitudes; environmental behaviors; sustainable tourism	 Big data; Brand personality; Cultural tourism; Sustainable development; Tourist satisfaction	 Big Data; Covid-19; HPCC system; Modeling Corona spread; SARS-Cov-2; Spreading indicators	 	Big data; Commerce; Decision making; Historic preservation; Marketing; Planning; Sustainable development; 'current; Cultural industries; Data technologies; In-depth analysis; In-depth study; Industrial structure adjustments; Intangible cultural heritages; IS problems; Optimisations; Settlement spaces; Rural areas Historical geographical information systems (hgis); Historical landscapes, Heritage management and conservation; Landscape archaeology; Multi-perspective data integration; World heritage	 Business resilience; COVID-19; Culinary tourism; Dynamic capabilities; Entrepreneurial learning; Street food	COVID-19; qualitative analysis; street vendor; sustainability; tourism management big data; interdisciplinary models; intervention pathways; Structural Equation Modeling (SEM); sustainable transport choices	 	 Connected public spaces; Mobility; Quality of life; Smart city; Tipasa; Tourism	 Bike-sharing system; clustering; demand analysis; geospatial analysis; urban big data; urban environment	Seoul [Seoul (ADS)]; Seoul [South Korea]; South Korea; Bicycles; Big data; Data integration; Land use; Urban planning; Bike-sharing system; Clusterings; Demand analysis; Environmental factors; Geo-spatial analysis; Geo-spatial data; Sharing systems; Travel patterns; Urban big data; Urban environments; cycle transport; demand analysis; environmental factor; spatial analysis; travel demand; urban area; urban transport; Leisure Conservation; contingent valuation method; mangrove; wildlife; willingness to pay	Conservation; Malaysia; Mangrove; Pollution; Regression Analysis; Surveys; Kuala Selangor; Kuantan; Malaysia; Malaysia; Pahang; Selangor; Selangor; West Malaysia; Bioluminescence; Parks; Pollution; Regression analysis; Surveys; Contingent valuation methods; Data collection method; Habitat destruction; Light pollution; Malaysia; Mangrove; Online questionnaire; Questionnaire surveys; Soil degradation; Willingness to pay; conservation; contingent valuation; ecotourism; mangrove; regression analysis; soil degradation; willingness to pay; Conservation 	 Birds; Environment; Mandalika Special Economic Zone; Mangroves	 big data; East Java; sustainable tourism; tourism competitiveness	 Economic sustainability; Historic housing tourism; Visibility	Houses; Marketing; Sustainable development; Advertizing; Data collection; Economic sustainability; Grounded theory; Historic housing tourism; Integrated sets; Mass media; Participant observations; Visibility cyclic utilization; geothermal water; heat-recovering; integrated energy system; self-sustained	Economics; Flow of water; Geothermal energy; Hot springs; Rural areas; Solar energy; Sustainable development; Water recycling; Cyclic utilizations; Energy; Geothermal water; Heat-recovering; Hot spring water; Integrated energy systems; Rural tourisms; Self-sustained; Tourism industry; Water intakes; Digital storage environmental skills; green skills; skill gaps; skills training; sustainable tourism	 Big data; City livability; City logistics; City sustainability; Day-to-day dynamic; Delivery costs; Internet of things; Knowledge management; Learning process; Path cost; Smart city; Urban delivery; Within-day dynamic	communication; information; innovation; learning; reduction; research; sustainability Data envelopment analysis; Data mining; Principal component analysis; Tourism reactivation; Tourist profile	Data mining; Principal component analysis; Tourism; Case-studies; Data mining methods; Ecuador; Exploratory data analysis; Non-traditional; Principal-component analysis; Sustainable operations; Tourism reactivation; Tourist attractions; Tourist profile; Data envelopment analysis 	 BigData Mining; Intelligent Framework; IntelligentLedgerSystem; Rural Tourism Marketing	Big data; Commerce; Data mining; Ecology; Marketing; Planning; Public relations; User interfaces; Bigdata mining; Design concept; Eco-tourisms; Front end; Intelligent framework; Intelligentledgersystem; Rural tourism marketing; Rural tourisms; Smart phones; Tourism marketings; Smartphones 	 Environmental Management; Financial Performance; Innovativeness; Social Support; Supply Chain Management; Sustainable Tourism	 Causalities; Eurozone countries; Growth; Market segments; Tourism	 disaster risk; local government capacity; sustainability of tourism; tourism city resilience	East Java; Indonesia; disaster management; local government; resilience; stakeholder; tourism; urban planning 	K-means clustering; Mass transportation; Rapid transit; Case-studies; Competitive factor; Green transportations; Historical data; K-means clustering algorithms; K-means clustering analysis; Mass rapid transit; Public transportation users; Sustainable environment; Taipei cities; Smart cards behavioural change; existential transformation; gender; transformation; transformative learning; Transformative tourism	 Circular economy; Circular entrepreneurship; Digital reservation system; Digital technologies	 	Agriculture; Big data; Data handling; Deep learning; Ecology; Economics; Environmental management; Facings; Population statistics; Sustainable development; Basic conditions; Ecological environments; Environmental governances; Environmental Monitoring; Human development; Human survival; Poverty alleviation; Rural ecological environments; Rural economy; Rural poverty; Rural areas Big data; Citizens participation; Data visualization; Pervasive infrastructure; Tourism flows; Urban data	 diversity; Komodo National Park; macroalgae; marine resource	 Coronavirus pandemic; Post-COVID-19 future; R-SWARA technique; Religious tourism; Systematic literature review	 Destination; Happiness; Network; Sentiment analysis; Social media; Tourism	 LDA; MaxQDA; sentiment analysis; sustainable tourism; text mining; virtual reality	Communications Media; Frustration; Sentiment Analysis; Virtual Reality; Data mining; Decision making; Glass; Social networking (online); Social sciences computing; Sustainable development; Virtual reality; Data analysis softwares; LDA; MaxQDA; Research analysis; Sentiment analysis; Sustainable tourism; Technology analysis; Text-mining; Virtual reality technology; YouTube; frustration; mass medium; virtual reality; Sentiment analysis E-tricycle; exploratory data analysis; logistic regression; python; sustainable public transport	Application programs; Big data; Data handling; Economics; Electric vehicles; High level languages; Information analysis; Investments; Regression analysis; Surveys; Sustainable development; 'current; E-tricycle; Economic activities; Exploratory data analysis; Logistics regressions; Moving peoples; Philippines; Sustainable public transports; Sustainable transport; Transport modes; Python 	 Albergo diffuso; Hospitality; Sustainability; Sustainable tourism; Tourism; Transformative service research; Well-being	Italy; ecotourism; hedonic analysis; hospitality industry; research work; service sector; sustainability Ethnography; Kozinets; Nethnography; Netnography; online discourse	 Cost; Environment; Maintenance; Performance; Salt brine; Speed; Winter	United States; Wisconsin; Cost reduction; Maintenance; Storms; Associated costs; Complex dynamics; Field evaluation; Level of Service; Operational impacts; Transportation agencies; Winter maintenance; Winter weather conditions; brine; cost analysis; laboratory method; maintenance; performance assessment; road transport; service quality; storm; travel behavior; winter; Cost benefit analysis inclusive growth; Income inequality; kuznets curve hypothesis; spatial panel data; tourism development	Anatolia; Balkans; Europe; Turkey; data set; income distribution; Kuznets curve; labor participation; panel data; spatial data; tourism development; urbanization peripheral areas; Pomerania Euroregion; protected areas; sustainable development; sustainable tourism	 Environment; Global tourism index; Principle component analysis; Sustainability; Trade; Urbanization	Conservation; Ecology; Economic analysis; Economic and social effects; Energy utilization; Global warming; International trade; Principal component analysis; Sustainable development; Tourism; Ecological footprint; Environment; Global tourism index; Globalisation; Low income countries; Middle-income countries; Principle components analysis; Renewable energies; Turning-points; Urbanization; economic activity; economic growth; environmental economics; global warming; Kuznets curve; panel data; principal component analysis; renewable resource; tourism market; trade relations; urbanization; Regression analysis 	 residents; social media data; social network analysis; spatiotemporal patterns; tourists; Urban tourism	Beijing [Beijing (ADS)]; Beijing [China]; China; social media; social network; spatiotemporal analysis; tourism Ecotourism; Ecuador; Loyalty; Motivation; Segmentation	 artificial intelligence; big data; Internet of Things; Sustainable tourism; systematic literature review	artificial intelligence; ecotourism; Internet; literature review; meta-analysis; research work Central Europe; intraregional flows; mobility; spatial analysis; tourism development; urban tourism	Central Europe; mobility; spatial analysis; spatial distribution; statistical analysis; tourism development; tourism management; urban area Big data; China; Light-duty vehicle; Machine learning; Real-world fuel consumption rate	Big data; Decision trees; Economics; Engines; Errors; Fuels; Mean square error; Regression analysis; Vehicles; China; Engine power; Fuel consumption rates; Light duty vehicles; Low-carbon societies; Private vehicles; Real-world; Real-world fuel consumption rate; Sustainable economic growth; Vehicle travels; Machine learning 	 artificial intelligence; big data; digital technology 4.0; framework; Preservation of cultural wealth and natural history	Cluster analysis; Extraction; Feature extraction; Historic preservation; Museums; Principal component analysis; Centralized data-base; Conceptual frameworks; Cultural heritages; Digital technologies; Digital technology 4.0; Features extraction; Framework; Natural history; Preservation of cultural wealth and natural history; Problems and challenges; Big data Climate policy; Digital technologies; Mobility; New business model; Sustainability of air transport	Europe; airport; business; business development; emission control; energy use; environmental assessment; European Union; greenhouse gas; international agreement; policy implementation; strategic approach 	Bicycles; Data handling; Information analysis; Sustainable development; Tourism; Micro level; Operation and management; Operation management; Research focus; Urban traffic; Piles 	Big data; Employment; Students; Sustainable development; Text processing; Changing trends; College students; Data technologies; Information platform; Relevant terms; Research results; Term frequencyinverse document frequency (TF-IDF); Tourism China; CO<sub>2</sub> emissions; PM2.5 concentration; Tourist activity	China; atmospheric pollution; carbon emission; climate change; ecotourism; emission control; panel data; sustainability; sustainable development; tourism IoT; smart technology; smart tourism; systematic review; tourism	Augmented reality; Competition; Electric grounding; Internet of things; Tourism; Empirical experiments; Empirical studies; Grounded theory; Information and Communication Technologies; Resource management; Resource sustainability; Smart technology; Smart tourism; Systematic Review; Tourism industry; Computation theory 	Big data; Sales; Sustainable development; Text mining; Tourism; Customer experience; Data collection; Hardware facilities; Intelligent Services; Intelligentization; Python programming language; Room environment; Service levels; Hotels 	Agricultural robots; Economic analysis; Economic and social effects; Sustainable development; Tourism; Big data applications; Circular economy; Corporate management; Development history; Development model; Economic growth models; Industrial enterprise; Management method; Industrial economics Artificial neural network; Doroodzan; Iran; Rural development; Rural tourism	Fars; Iran; Marvdasht; Economics; Multilayer neural networks; Network layers; Neural networks; Regional planning; Rural areas; Surveys; Sustainable development; Tourism; Dependent variables; Doroodzan; Iran; Multi-layer perceptron neural networks; Practical recommendation; Rural development; Rural tourisms; Tourism development; economic development; rural area; rural development; rural economy; sustainability; tourism; tourism development; Economic and social effects Cultural sector; European Union; Panel data analysis; Sustainable tourism development; UNESCO heritage	Europe; cultural heritage; employment; Gross Domestic Product; human capital; international tourism; panel data; public spending; tourism development; UNESCO Dockless bike-sharing; Green travel mobility; Spatial network; Trip data	Big data; Dockless bike-sharing; Dynamics characteristic; Flow strength; Green travel mobility; Network-based; Sharing network; Spatial network; Square grid; Travel modes; Trip data; Bicycles 	Big data; Economics; Sustainable development; Data sample; Economic modeling; Quality of information; Robustness tests; Shenzhen stock exchanges; Tourism Conception; Q-methodology; Stakeholder; Sustainable tourism	divergence; ecotourism; entrepreneur; policy making; social conflict; stakeholder Carbon Emissions; China; Real Estate Development; Transport Emissions; Urban Policy	China; carbon emission; climate change; data set; global warming; urban planning; urban policy Environmental attachment; Service quality; Tourism; Tourism image; Tourist attraction	 	Big data; Employment; Sustainable development; Tourism; Wages; College students; Educational levels; Educational opportunities; Empirical analysis; Human capitals; Life-long educations; Quality of life; Social capitals; Students K-Centroids clustering algorithm; Optimal path algorithm; Prediction method model; Traffic planning optimization	Big data; Clustering algorithms; Iterative methods; Motor transportation; Optimal systems; Population statistics; Predictive analytics; Traffic congestion; Traffic signals; Trees (mathematics); Urban growth; Distributed clustering algorithm; Experimental analysis; Optimization design; Projection direction; Regression tree algorithms; Spatial distribution patterns; Transportation planning; Unbalanced distribution; Urban transportation 	Sustainable development; Television networks; Tourism; Cloud networks; College students; Colleges and universities; Cultivation models; Current situation; Foreign students; Practical skill; Teaching methods; Students Big data; Bike-sharing; Data mining; Multimodal travel; Public transport; Spatial regression	Poland [Central Europe]; Poznan [Poland]; Application programming interfaces (API); Control variable; Higher frequencies; Model-based OPC; Public transport; Sharing systems; Station location; Travel patterns; WEB application; cycle transport; data mining; empirical analysis; numerical model; public transport; regression analysis; sustainability; Bicycles Agri-tourism; Geo-big data; Rural revitalization; Sightseeing picking orchards; Spatial analysis	 Costa Rica; Ecotourism; Loyalty; Satisfaction; Service	 Aquifer; Ecological; Social; Socio-hydrogeology; Socio-hydrology	Barcelona; Cameroon; Chile; Ecuador; Los Rios [Chile]; North West Region; San Pedro [Paraguay]; Santa; Santa Elena; Valdivia; Valdivia Basin; aquifer; basic needs; groundwater resource; methodology; model; sustainability; water supply 	Big Data; COVID-19; Hong Kong; Humans; Pandemics; SARS-CoV-2; epidemiology; Hong Kong; human; pandemic 	Big data; Digital storage; Sustainable development; Tourism; Enterprise community; Iintegration; Industrial development; Industrial transformations; National strategies; School-enterprise cooperations; Talent trainings; Technological revolution; Industrial economics Knowledge mapping; Literature review; Sustainable tourism; Text mining; Topic extraction	Scopus; cultural heritage; data interpretation; database; ecotourism; education; literature review; sustainable development; tourism development 	Big data; Tourism; Corporate performance; Data environment; Low speed; Media coverage; Negative media; Neutral media; Research object; Sustainable development 	Economic and social effects; Energy utilization; Planning; Sustainable development; Tourism; Comparative studies; Current structure; Energy consumption structure; Existing energies; Living standards; Massive data; Supply demand imbalance; Coal industry Ecological civilization construction; Ecological governance; Ejina Oasis; The production of ecological space; Vertical embedded governance	 	Data handling; Electronic document exchange; Forensic engineering; Information analysis; Sustainable development; Tourism; Application recommendations; Big data applications; Data collection; Data technologies; Development process; Information structures; Informatization constructions; Network sharing; Big data Geodatabase; Open science; Public transport; Smart card data	Automation; Information management; Open Data; Quality control; Query languages; Query processing; Smart cards; 'current; Automated fare collection; Collection systems; Geodatabase; Open science; Open Standards; Public transport; Public transport systems; Smart card data; Work-flows; Digital storage Big data marketing; Low-carbon goodwill; Low-carbon tourism supply chain; Sudden crisis event	firm size; marketing; prediction; research work; supply chain management; sustainability; sustainable development; tourism; tourist attraction 	Philosophical aspects; Sustainable development; Tourism; Ethical issues; Ethical principles; Ethical standards; Key Issues; Artificial intelligence 	Big data; Competition; Finance; Tourism; Corporate social responsibilities (CSR); Empirical analysis; Fixed effect models; Impact mechanism; Market competition; Shenzhen stock exchanges; Sustainable development Cambodia; Choice modeling; Laos; Sars-cov-2; Travel patterns	 	Data fusion; Economic analysis; Fuzzy control; Industrial management; Parameter estimation; Pattern recognition; Statistical process control; Sustainable development; System stability; Tourism; Adaptive features; Business administration; Commercial management; Distributed fusion; Parameter analysis; Quantitative evaluation; Quantitative evaluation models; Statistical analysis methods; Industrial economics Data analytics; Geodata; Location-based big data (LocBigData); Research agenda; Smart cities; State-of-the-art review	Big data; Global positioning system; Location; Smart cards; Smart city; Social networking (online); Telecommunication services; Wi-Fi; Causal relationships; Geographic information; Human environment; Mobile phone networks; Research challenges; Sensing technology; Social media datum; Sustainable cities; analytical framework; database; future prospect; GIS; GPS; mobile phone; research work; smart city; social media; Location based services City of Johannesburg; Cycling; Infrastructure; Integration; Urban public transport	Gauteng; Johannesburg; South Africa; detection method; integrated approach; public transport; spatial data; spatiotemporal analysis; transportation infrastructure; urban transport 	Biochemical engineering; Reagents; Sustainable development; Titration; Tourism; Enzyme engineering; Experimental projects; Increment method; Innovative talents; Students' interests; Urease activity; Enzyme activity Coupling coordination degree; Economy–environment–tourism–traffic system; Exploratory spatial data analysis model; Grey correlation degree analysis; The middle reaches of Yangtze river urban agglomerations	China; Cities; Economic Development; Humans; Rivers; Sustainable Development; Tourism; China; Yangtze River; agglomeration; correlation; economic development; environmental management; spatial analysis; spatial data; tourism development; traffic management; urban economy; Article; environmental decision making; environmental economics; environmental planning; environmental policy; geographic distribution; gross national product; mathematical computing; river; spatiotemporal analysis; sustainable development; tourism; traffic; trend study; urban area; China; city; economic development; human 	Agricultural robots; Agriculture; Leisure industry; Rural areas; Strategic planning; Sustainable development; Agricultural commodities; Community involvement; Data analysis techniques; Development strategies; Internet technology; Research objectives; Tourism development; Tourism management; Tourism big data; Google maps; smart cities; sustainable development; sustainable urban mobility; transport	Dharwad; India; Karnataka; data management; digital map; smart city; sustainable development; transportation planning; transportation policy; urban transport; weather forecasting 	Data mining; Finance; Risk assessment; Roads and streets; Supply chains; Sustainable development; Clustering methods; Development mechanisms; Financial environments; Financial risks; International supply chains; Supply chain finances; Tourism 	Commerce; Leisure industry; Service industry; Sustainable development; Application scenario; Cloud platforms; Cloud technologies; Comprehensive managements; Data clouds; Development trends; Market needs; Smart services; Tourism Indicators; Lisbon Metropolitan Area; Livable communities; Livable metropolis; SUMP; Urban mobility	Cities; City Planning; Ethnic Groups; Humans; Portugal; Lisboa [Portugal]; Lisbon; Portugal; conceptual framework; metropolitan area; mobility; monitoring; quantitative analysis; urban planning; urban policy; urban transport; article; city planning; cluster analysis; data analysis; externality; human; Portugal; principal component analysis; quantitative analysis; city; city planning; ethnic group; Portugal automated content analysis; big data; sustainability; sustainable tourism; tourism	Automation; Big data; Economics; Tourism; Development trends; Economic activities; Hospitality industry; Multidimensional data; Research questions; Scientific literature; Sustainable tourism; Tourism and hospitality industries; Leisure industry CO<sub>2</sub> emissions; economic growth; energy consumption; panel data analysis; tourism; vector error correction model	China; carbon dioxide; carbon emission; economic growth; energy use; error correction; panel data; tourism economics Agricultural tourism; Management optimization; Mountain climate; Satellite Internet of Things	China; climate change; geographical distribution; Internet; optimization; satellite data; sustainable development; tourism management; tourism market 	Big data; Sustainable development; Tourism; Application-oriented; Colleges and universities; Comprehensive qualities; Critical thinking; Current situation; Curriculum systems; Practical experience; Teaching philosophy; Students 	Industrial management; Law enforcement; Sustainable development; Tourism; Inherent characteristics; Public security; Safety management; Science and Technology; Social Security; System supports; Information management 	 	Big data; Sustainable development; Tourism; Application process; Consistency model; Data availability; Decision-based; Measuring data; Panoramic datum; Psychological factors; Scientific decisions; Decision making 	Commerce; Computation theory; Epidemiology; Structural design; Browser/server architectures; Coronaviruses; Data systems; Information age; Key technologies; Symbiosis theory; System architectures; Computer architecture 	Big data; Sustainable development; Accounting informations; Corporate development; Development process; Digital technologies; External informations; Financial-accounting systems; Information disclosure; Information presentation; Tourism COVID-19; Cruise diseases; Risk management; Web of science	COVID-19; disease control; disease spread; disease treatment; health risk; literature review; public health; risk assessment Bandung basin; Destination management; Geotourism; Spatial planning	 	Big data; Sustainable development; Tourism; Urban growth; Application fields; Data technologies; Informatization; Mobile Internet; Social media; Urban development; Smart city chronic kidney disease; kidney; telehealth; telemedicine; transplant	angiotensin receptor antagonist; azathioprine; beta adrenergic receptor blocking agent; calcium channel blocking agent; corticosteroid; creatinine; cyclosporine; dipeptidyl carboxypeptidase inhibitor; everolimus; loop diuretic agent; mycophenolic acid; rapamycin; tacrolimus; adult; age; Article; case control study; chronic kidney failure; clinical article; clinical outcome; cohort analysis; comparative study; controlled clinical trial; controlled study; creatinine blood level; data analysis software; diastolic blood pressure; emporiatrics; estimated glomerular filtration rate; feasibility study; female; graft recipient; hospitalization; human; human activities; kidney graft rejection; kidney transplantation; longitudinal study; male; middle aged; observational study; outcome assessment; outpatient care; patient satisfaction; pilot study; program feasibility; program sustainability; sex; software; standard; systolic blood pressure; teleconference; teleconsultation; telemedicine; travel distance; videoconferencing Individual preferences; Mobility; Open data; Regulations; Trip planner	 Antecedents; Barriers; Consequences; Sustainability; Sustainable practices; Wine tourism	 automatic identification system; carrying capacity; cetacean; sustainability; whale watching	 	Big data; Economic analysis; Network architecture; Population statistics; Sustainable development; Transportation routes; Urban transportation; Comprehensive evaluation; Economic and social development; Key constraints; Population densities; Public transportation; Public transportation networks; Spatial analysis; Technological development; Economic and social effects 	Big data; Carbon dioxide; Climate change; Decarbonization; Digital storage; Emission control; Green manufacturing; Industrial research; Structural optimization; Sustainable development; Tourism; Carbon emission reductions; Carbon neutralities; Chinese Government; Energy efficiency improvements; Industrial sector; Industrial structures; Low-carbon development; Low-carbon transitions; Energy efficiency 	 Development balance; Leisure satisfaction; Physical and mental health; Religious culture; Senior citizens	Aged; Female; Humans; Leisure Activities; Male; Mental Health; Personal Satisfaction; Tourism; Travel; cultural tradition; elderly care; elderly population; heritage tourism; mental health; public health; religion; aged; anxiety; Article; backache; controlled study; cultural anthropology; data analysis software; female; gender; headache; health center; health promotion; human; irritability; leisure; life satisfaction; male; mental health; personal experience; questionnaire; religion; semi structured interview; tourism; traffic and transport; travel; leisure; satisfaction 	Big data; Competition; Data Sharing; Information analysis; Information dissemination; Information management; Research and development management; Supply chains; Sustainable development; Tourism; User experience; Data technologies; Distribution efficiency; Information sharing; Management and controls; Personalized service; Price competition; Supply chain logistics; Supply chain logistics management; Supply chain management Big data mining; Coastal tourism; Environmental sustainability; Resource development	data mining; economic impact; environmental impact; information technology; multimedia; resource development; sustainability; sustainable development; tourism Big data; COVID-19 pandemic; Equality; Gender; Mobility patterns; Surveys	Barcelona; gender; metropolitan area; mobility; sustainability; sustainable development; trend analysis 	Data streams; Deep learning; Speech recognition; Sustainable development; Tourism; Data resources; Enterprise Integration; University industries; University-enterprise cooperations; Learning algorithms Community development; Low-carbon tourism; Sustainable development	Chiang Rai; Northern Region [Thailand]; Thailand; climate change; community development; Delphi analysis; economic development; global warming; guideline; integrated approach; questionnaire survey; research work; socioeconomic conditions; sustainability; sustainable development adult psychiatry; child & adolescent psychiatry; COVID-19; health informatics; mental health; old age psychiatry	Adolescent; Aged; Child; Humans; Mental Health Services; Referral and Consultation; State Medicine; United Kingdom; Wales; adolescent; adult; aged; Article; child; clinician; controlled study; coronavirus disease 2019; data analysis; data extraction; female; health care delivery; health care quality; health care survey; human; infection control; major clinical study; male; mental health; mental health service; middle aged; patient satisfaction; school child; travel; video consultation; Wales; work from home; young adult; national health service; patient referral; United Kingdom Barcelona; Big data; Cluster delimita-tion; Data mining; Data visualization; Geographic information science; Social media; Spatial statistics; Sustainable tourism; Urban data	accuracy assessment; digital image; social media; spatial analysis; tourism; urban development; urban planning; urban policy Community attachment; COVID‐19 impact; Quality of life; Residents’ perceptions; Sustainable tourism development; Tourism impacts	Romania; Sibiu; Coronavirus; COVID-19; ecotourism; quality of life; tourism development Functional value; Revisit intention; Satisfaction; WOM; “Green” practices	 	Data flow analysis; Data handling; Industrial research; Information analysis; Investments; Service industry; Sustainable development; Tourism; Foreign direct investments; Industrial competitiveness; Industrial development; Intelligent data analysis; Internal connections; Manufacturing industries; Quantitative research; Tertiary industries; Competition Behavioral intention; Celebrity attachment; Idol attachment; Place attachment; Sense of place	South Korea; attitudinal survey; cognition; ecotourism; life satisfaction; psychology; public attitude; questionnaire survey; sense of place; social network; sustainability; tourism development; tourist attraction; tourist behavior informal sector; livelihoods; overtourism; urban facility management; urban heritage	Economics; Sustainable development; Economic aspects; Heritage tourisms; Informal economy; Literature reviews; Qualitative data analysis; Sustainable livelihood; Urban environments; Urban livelihood; Tourism Cutaneous microcirculation; Reconstructive surgery; Remote ischemic conditioning	Adult; Arm; Female; Healthy Volunteers; Humans; Ischemic Preconditioning; Male; Microcirculation; Oxygen; Skin; Tourniquets; hemoglobin; oxygen; adult; Article; blood flow velocity; body mass; controlled study; data analysis software; female; follow up; human; human experiment; male; microcirculation; normal human; oxygen saturation; pain; priority journal; remote ischemic conditioning; skin blood flow; skin temperature; thigh; tissue oxygenation; arm; blood; ischemic preconditioning; microcirculation; procedures; skin; tourniquet; vascularization COVID-19 recovery; freedom camping; legislation; multiple stakeholder perspective; New Zealand; responsible camping; sustainable tourism development	 	COVID-19; Humans; Leisure Activities; Pandemics; Sustainable Development; Taiwan; Tourism; Travel; Africa; Article; China; controlled study; coronavirus disease 2019; data analysis; data envelopment analysis; Europe; human; India; Indonesia; Japan; Korea; Macao; Malaysia; Middle East; Pacific islands; Philippines; principal component analysis; Singapore; sustainable development; sustainable development goal; Taiwan; Thailand; tourism; trend study; United States; Viet Nam; Western Hemisphere; epidemiology; leisure; pandemic; travel Artificial intelligence; Augmented reality; Bibliometric analysis; Eco‐tourism; Future trends; Research agenda; Sustainability; Tourism; Virtual reality	Scopus; ecotourism; innovation; sustainable development; technology adoption; virtual reality Covid-19 pandemic; Public transport access control; Social distancing; Traffic data analytics	Italy; Lazio; Roma [Lazio]; Rome; COVID-19; epidemic; mobility; monitoring; public transport; sustainability; traffic management; travel demand Development path; Enclave area; Jingyuan County; Regional function; Rural development level; Type recognition	China; Gansu; detection method; development level; index method; measurement method; rural area; rural development; sustainable development; urban area Ecological evaluation; Land use; Machine learning; Translation model	China; data processing; ecological modeling; environmental economics; GIS; machine learning; optimization; software; survival; sustainable development; urban area; urbanization COVID-19; Spain; STP; Tourism education; University degree	 	Agricultural robots; Agriculture; Big data; Economics; Planning; Sustainable development; Tourism; Agricultural development; Agricultural economy; Development directions; Development model; Economic system; Market information; National economy; Overall quality; Economic and social effects 	Data handling; Environmental technology; Geology; Rural areas; Sustainable development; Tourism; Data analysis techniques; Primary data; research methods; Simple linear regression analysis; Tourist attractions; Gas engineering 	Artificial intelligence; Sustainable development; Tourism; Construction model; Corpus construction; Data feature; Data-sources; Human-machine collaboration; Multiple modes; Open source datum; Third parties; Big data 	Economics; Leisure industry; Sustainable development; Driving forces; Economic benefits; Hangzhou; Living standards; Pace of life; Rural tourisms; Scenic spot; Zhejiang Province; Tourism 	Big data; Human resource management; Tourism; Labor intensive; Management practices; Team performance; Transformational leadership; Sustainable development Environmental sport consumer behaviour; Environmental sustainability; Outdoor recreation; Sport consumers; Sport tourism	 	Big data; Information management; Sustainable development; Tourism; Data environment; Economic activities; Economic management; Economic operations; Management mechanisms; Multiple impact; Operating economics; Overall economic activity; Economic analysis Agent-based; COVID-19; Phylodynamics; Phylogenetics; SARS-CoV-2; Ukraine	China; COVID-19; Epidemiological Monitoring; Europe; Genome, Viral; Humans; Incidence; Models, Statistical; North America; Phylogeny; Physical Distancing; SARS-CoV-2; Travel; Ukraine; Article; coronavirus disease 2019; epidemic; genetic epidemiology; genomics; incidence; mortality; pandemic; phylodynamics; phylogeny; Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2; Ukraine; China; classification; epidemiological monitoring; epidemiology; Europe; genetics; human; isolation and purification; North America; pathogenicity; statistical model; travel; Ukraine; virology; virus genome bibliometric review; conceptual analysis; COVID-19 pandemic; data science; data science technologies; marketing data science; smart destinations	 	Application programs; Digital devices; Solid wastes; Sustainable development; Transportation routes; Travel time; Community activities; Economic and environmental benefits; Environmental problems; Literature studies; Physical development; Qualitative method; Sustainable environmental planning; Visual representations; Waste management mobile phone big data; Park service area; Park visitor volume; Seasonal variation; Tokyo; Urban green system	field method; greenspace; methodology; observational method; parking; planning process; satellite altimetry; seasonal variation; urban ecosystem; urban planning Growth mixture modeling; Latent growth curve modeling; Longitudinal data analysis; Sustainable social tourism; Travel frequency trajectory	Sustainable Growth; Tourism; Travel; South Korea; ecotourism; heterogeneity; hospitality industry; policy making; qualitative analysis; quantitative analysis; stakeholder; tourism development; tourism economics; adult; article; data analysis; demography; growth curve; human; Korean (people); structural equation modeling; sustainable growth; tourism; travel; travel Big data; Data mining; Employment information platform; Three-tier frame	Big data; Data handling; Decision making; Employment; Information management; Sustainable development; Tourism; Colleges and universities; Development and applications; Employment information; Employment situation; Feasibility studies; Information exchanges; Management platforms; Talent trainings; Students 	Big data; Population statistics; Sustainable development; Data informations; Distribution characteristics; High sensitivity; Inbound tourisms; Infrastructure construction; Social media datum; Temporal characteristics; Tibet autonomous region; Tourism 	Coal; Coal mines; Coal reclamation; Economic analysis; Reclamation; Sustainable development; Tourism; Coal-mine reclamations; Contingent value methods; Data analysis methods; Environmental sustainability; Products and services; Regional government; Travel cost method; Willingness to pay; Coal industry Climate change; Disposable personal income; ENSO index; Per capita GDP; Population	United States; Atmospheric pressure; Gaussian distribution; Population statistics; Sustainable development; Tourism; Data technologies; Disposable income; Moderating effect; Natural environments; Number of peoples; Population sizes; Research results; Southern oscillation; climate change; climate effect; El Nino-Southern Oscillation; Gross Domestic Product; income distribution; national park; population size; research work; sustainable development; tourism market; tourist attraction; tourist destination; Climatology 	Sustainable development; Tourism; Artificial intelligence technologies; Continuous development; Emerging technologies; General trends; Internet technology; ITS applications; Long-term development; Social changes; Artificial intelligence Development patterns; Perceptions; Residents; Response patterns; Sustainable tourism development; Tourism impact	 Digital Countryside; Female Practitioner; Rural Tourism; Welfare Evaluation	Block-chain; Comprehensive evaluation; Digital countryside; Employment opportunities; Female practitioner; Fuzzy mathematics; Intelligent technology; Rural tourisms; Rural women; Welfare evaluation; Tourism Alfama; Big data sources; Touristification; Twitter; Urban tourism	 Advanced APIs; Big data architecture; Decision-support system; IoT; Smart City Control Room	Air quality; Data Analytics; Data privacy; Decision making; Public administration; Smart city; Sustainable development; Web services; Aggregated datum; European cities; Geographical area; Multi-ontologies; Public services; Public transportation; Research center; Traffic restrictions; Open Data 	 Behavioural segmentation; Change in eating habits; Local food consumption; Sun-and-sea destinations	 electric vehicle; electrification; GPS trajectories; ridesourcing; Urban mobility	Beijing [Beijing (ADS)]; Beijing [China]; China; comparative study; electric vehicle; electrification; future prospect; mobility; public transport; travel behavior; travel demand; urban transport National park; Questionnaire survey; Sustainable tourism; Tourism management; Tourism seasonality; Visitor experience	Alberta; Banff National Park; Canada; ecotourism; national park; park management; questionnaire survey; seasonal variation; seasonality; spatiotemporal analysis; sustainability Cost analysis; Design of flexible pavement; Earth work calculations; Flexible pavement; Road widening and rehabilitation; Sustainability; Traffic data analysis	Concretes; Cost estimating; Engineers; Highway planning; Operating costs; Pavement overlays; Planning; Strength of materials; Sustainable development; California bearing ratio; Cost estimations; Economic viability; Economical methods; Flexible pavement designs; Flexible pavements; Pavement performance; Sustainable construction; Cost benefit analysis Big data; Ethics; Influencing technologies; New and emerging data forms; Policy; Transport modeling	 Bibliometric analysis; Co-citation; Co-occurrence; Geo-tourism; Geopark; VOSviewer	Alpes de Haute Provence; Digne; France; Provence-Alpes-Cote d'Azur; Scopus; academic research; bibliography; digital mapping; geotourism; heritage tourism; software; sustainable development Monitoring Indicators; North Portugal region; Open Data and Big Data; Smart Regional Destinations; Sustainable Tourism	 	Backpropagation; Big data; Economic and social effects; Errors; MATLAB; Planning; Sustainable development; Algorithm model; Back-propagation neural networks; Economic development; Evaluation indices system; Multi-factor; Neural networks algorithms; Research index; Rural tourisms; Social environment; Spatial patterns; Neural networks Automated fare collection; Big data; Geographic information system; Hadoop; Human mobility; Origin-destination; Public transport; Taxi GPS probe; Van GPS probe	Bangkok; Central Region [Thailand]; Greater Sunda Islands; Java; Krung Thep Mahanakhon; Sunda Isles; Thailand; airport; assessment method; atmospheric pollution; capital city; central business district; electric vehicle; GPS; metropolitan area; probe; public transport; spatiotemporal analysis; taxis; transport vehicle; urbanization Abundance; Action research; Conservation biology; Diversity; France; Global warning; Indicator; Lepidoptera; Monitoring species; Sampling protocol	 Audience satisfaction; Brand experience; Iran; Sense of place; Shiraz; Tourism	 community-based natural resource management and sustainability; socio-economic development; sustainable tourism development; tourism	 Accounting; Agenda 2030; Industry 4.0; Society 5.0; Sustainability reports; Sustainable development	Artificial intelligence; Industrial robots; Planning; Service industry; Tourism; Cross industry; Digital technologies; Individual technology; Pro activities; Quality of life; Sustainability reporting; Sustainable development Approach behaviors; Cultural contact; Destination involvement; Inner Mongolia; Natural atmospherics; Risk perception	 Airbnb; Big data; Overtourism; SDG 11; Social sustainability; Spain	 Artificial Intelligence, Big Data Analytics; Healthcare Industry, COVID-19, Digitalization	Advanced Analytics; Artificial intelligence; Big data; Data Analytics; Population statistics; Surveys; Artificial intelligence, big data analytic; Clinical evaluation; Healthcare industry; Healthcare industry, COVID-19, digitalization; Healthcare resources; Healthcare sectors; Healthcare systems; Healthcare workers; Number of peoples; Singular solutions; Health care Colombia; Discriminant analysis; Financial indicators; Productivity; Small and medium businesses; Tourist lodging sector	 Covid-19; crisis; destination marketing organization; DMO; stakeholder involvement; sustainable tourism	 Coupling degree; Economy development; Tourism industry	Advanced Analytics; Big data; Economic and social effects; Leisure industry; Regional planning; Tourism; Coordination degree; Coupling degree; Degree of coordination; Economy growth; Empirical analysis; Empirical research; Regional differences; Regional economy; Industrial economics Big data analysis; Emission control; IoT; NOx; Optimization; Sustainability	 	 Community participation; tourism development; tourism village	 Animal conservation; commercialization; theme park; tourism	 authenticity; self-service tourists; smart tourism	Authentication; Tourism; College students; Cultural resources; Data informations; Incomplete information; Information platform; Local region; Self-service tourist; Smart tourism; Tourist destinations; Tourist perception; Students CSI fingerprint; GTSP; Indoor localization; Path planning; UAV	Big data; Channel state information; Cloud computing; Energy efficiency; Energy utilization; Social networking (online); Sustainable development; Traveling salesman problem; Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV); Action planning algorithm; Following problem; Generalized traveling salesman problem; Indoor environment; Indoor localization; Information collections; Manual operations; Three dimensions; Indoor positioning systems Business Efficiency; Business Reputation; Green Marketing Strategy; Social Responsibility; Vietnam Tourism	 	Agricultural robots; Agriculture; Artificial intelligence; Ecology; Planning; Regional planning; Sustainable development; Tourism; Annual output; Artificial intelligence technologies; Chinese people; Eco-tourisms; Modern science; Modern technologies; Multifunctionality; Organic agriculture; Output values; Tea gardens; Surveys Air-emission reduction; Car mobility behaviour; COVID-19; Flexible lockdown strategy; Risk mitigation; Spatial-temporal analysis	Advanced Analytics; Behavioral research; Curve fitting; Data Analytics; Decision making; Electric circuit breakers; Flexible electronics; Garages (parking); Regression analysis; Flexible circuit; Human behaviours; Near real-time datum; Potential exposure; Regression model; Space-time interactions; Spatial temporals; Urban sustainability; Sustainable development Bangladesh; COVID-19; Destination management; Pandemic; Sustainability; Tourism resilience	 COVID-19; Penta-Helix model; Sustainability; Tourism activities; Tourism industry	Leisure industry; Indonesia; Online media; Research data; Tourism sectors; Tourism Lake Abaya-Chamo; Livelihood support; Overuse of resources; Wetland degradation	 Aquifer sustainability; Groundwater management; Mann Kendall trend test; Time series; Water consumption	Cozumel; Mexico [North America]; Quintana Roo; Indicator indicator; aquifer; extraction method; historical perspective; island; karst; recharge Destination competitiveness; Dynamic model; Ecotourism element	 7A's of sustainable transition; behavioral change; Brussels; COVID-19; sustainable mobility; thematic analysis	 Big data analytics; Environmental management; Hotel sector; Industry 4.0; Tourism industry; Waste management	 	 Competitiveness; Distributed database; Embedded system; Sustainable Development; Tourist destination	Embedded systems; Manufacture; Sustainable development; Tourism; Development frameworks; Distributed database; Long-term development; Management principles; Manufacturing sector; Sustainable manufacturing; Sustainable production; Tourist destinations; Distributed database systems 	 location-based services; mobile application; privacy concern; service providers; Smart tourism destination; trust	implementation process; tourism economics; tourism management; tourist attraction; tourist destination; travel behavior Air quality; Bivariate polar plot; Coastal area; O3; Ozone; Particulate matter; PM2.5; Potential source area; Thailand	 accessibility; Legal services; political and economic stability; Republic of Iraq; tourism destination; tourism development	Iraq; accessibility; ecotourism; human rights; questionnaire survey; survey method; tourist destination Big Data analytics; Booking; e-WOM helpfulness; Environmental discourse; Multi-platform study; TripAdvisor	 Agrarian; Erdos; Green; Pathway; Sustainable development	Big data; Geographic information systems; Green computing; Planning; Agrarian; Assessment models; Development path; Eco-tourisms; Ecological environments; Erdos; Green; Pathway; Rural tourisms; Western region of chinas; Sustainable development 	 Big data; Smart city; Social media data; Urban landscape sustainability; Urban planning	Behavioral research; Big data; Deep learning; Digital storage; Energy utilization; Land use; Quality control; Security of data; Sustainable development; Tourism; Urban planning; Application fields; Data security and privacy; Environmental sustainability; Information mining; Real-time information; Urban applications; Urban environments; Urban sustainability; Information management Persuasive technology; Soft measures; Travel behavior change; Travel demand management	 Big data; Chiang Mai; Data-oriented; Data-oriented architecture; Database management; Digital economy; Object-based; Smart city; Tourism; Variety	Cryptography; Security of data; Tourism; Conventional methods; Modern applications; Private-key encryption; Security and privacy; Security Architecture; Tourism services; Tourist destinations; WEB application; Digital storage Big data; Clustering; Public transport; Smart card data; Transport modelling; User travel behaviour	Dynamics; Smart cards; Best practice methods; Data collection system; Demand fluctuations; Extracting information; Extreme weather conditions; Origin destination matrices; Spatio-temporal dynamics; Transport planners; Clustering algorithms Socio-cultural impacts; Tourism development	Indonesia; Lesser Sunda Islands; Lombok; West Nusa Tenggara; communication behavior; ecotourism; language; social characteristics; social organization; tourism development; transformation Big data; Life-oriented approach; Smart cities; Smart technologies; Social exclusion; Sustainability	Deep learning; Energy utilization; Environmental technology; Internet of things; Investments; Learning systems; Open systems; Regional planning; Sustainable development; Future applications; Household decisions; Internet of Things (IOT); Learning techniques; Scientific investigation; Smart-phone applications; Social and environmental; Street lighting system; Engineering education Development strategy; Internet background; Swimming market; Wisdom tourism	Advanced Analytics; Big data; Computer terminals; Embedded systems; Leisure industry; Mobile telecommunication systems; Smart city; Sustainable development; Tourism; Improvement strategies; Innovative models; Management mechanisms; Mobile terminal; Real time; Social development; Tourism development; Planning Airbnb; Big data; sentiment analysis; sustainable consumption behavior; sustainable tourism	data mining; ecotourism; hotel industry; Internet; preference behavior; public attitude; tourist behavior 3D models; 3D printing; Big data processing; cultural; data bases; digitalization; dissemination; heritage; historical; innovative technologies; multimedia; museums; new media; open-access; presentation; repositories; storytelling; tools; virtual augmented reality; virtual reality; web sites	3D modeling; Augmented reality; Big data; Data handling; Digital devices; Digital libraries; Digital storage; Historic preservation; Three dimensional computer graphics; 3-D printing; 3D models; 3d-modeling; 3D-printing; Big data processing; Cultural; Data base; Digitalization; Dissemination; Heritage; Historical; Innovative technology; Multimedium; New media; OpenAccess; Presentation; Repository; Storytelling; Virtual augmented reality; Web-sites; Virtual reality Causality; CO2 emissions; South Asia; Tourism; Urbanisation	 big data; China; historic area; tourists and residents; Zone division; zone extraction	Beijing [China]; China; historical ecology; regional development; sustainable development; tourist destination Economic development; Internet of things (IoT); IT industry; Oil economy; Saudi economy; Saudi vision 2030	Engineering education; Industrial economics; Internet of things; Manufacture; Economic development; Information technology industry; Information technology sector; Internet of thing; Oil economy; Saudi Arabia; Saudi economy; Saudi vision 2030; Service sectors; Sustainable economic development; Economic and social effects Cognitive component; Dimensions of the cognitive component; Image of a rural tourism destination; Rural tourism; Sustainable development; Sustainable tourism development	cognition; ecotourism; factor analysis; marketing; psychology; rural area; sustainable development; tourist destination Local Recommendation; Location-based Search; Meritocratic Fairness; Near Me; Popularity Bias; Position Bias	Big data; Hotels; Location; Petroleum reservoir evaluation; Business sustainability; Distance-based; Experimental evaluation; Location-based searches; Multiple data sets; Online platforms; Popular platform; Search queries; Location based services 	 	 Cultural landscape; Heritage; Integrated planning; Landscape planning; Meta-synthesis; Sustainable development	ecosystem service; landscape planning; literature review; sustainable development; urban planning cultural change; ethnography; Garmeh village; meaning reconstruction; The Tourist Gaze	 Innovation; Innovative creativity; Phuket island; World-class tourist attraction	 Balance Urban and Rural Development; Big Data; Rural Tourism; Sustainable Development	Agricultural robots; Balancing; Big data; Electronic commerce; Leisure industry; Planning; Regional planning; Sustainable development; Rural tourisms; Urban and rural; Tourism disused railways; greenways; land-use planning; Multicriteria Analysis; rail-trails	Italy; Piedmont [Italy]; decision making; land use planning; railway transport; stakeholder; sustainable development; transportation planning; transportation policy globalization; gravity model; panel data; terrorism; tourism demand; Turkey	Turkey; Meleagris gallopavo; ecotourism; globalization; international tourism; modeling; panel data; terrorism; tourism economics Life cycle cost; Port-City; Public–Private partnerships; Urban development	 GIS; Lisbon; Portugal; Short-term rentals; Urban tourism	 Agritourism Model; Guilan Province; Masal county.Agritourism in Iran; Rural development	 	Commerce; Concrete industry; Digital storage; Energy resources; Leisure industry; Planning; Sustainable development; Existing problems; Management systems; Market supervisions; Tourism management; Tourism marketings; Urban economy; Tourism Community-based tourism; Economic empowerment; Social empowerment; Women empowerment	 Environment; Hotels; Stakeholders; Sustainability	Australia; academic research; environmental planning; hotel industry; questionnaire survey; stakeholder; sustainability; sustainable development; tourist behavior Carbon emissions; EKC model; Panel data analysis; Top 50 tourist destinations; Tourism development	Brazil; Bulgaria; China; Dominica; Georgia; Greece; Hong Kong; India; Indonesia; Iran; Leeward Islands [Lesser Antilles]; Macau; Malaysia; Philippines; Russian Federation; Saudi Arabia; Thailand; Tunisia; Turkey; United States; Bulgaria; Meleagris gallopavo; carbon dioxide; carbon emission; emission control; environmental quality; Kuznets curve; tourism development; tourist destination Economic growth; Educational tourism; Panel data analysis	 COVID-19; data science; data-driven; policy decisions; SARS-CoV-2; strategy	Asia; COVID-19; COVID-19 Testing; Demography; Economic Recession; Employment; Europe; History, 21st Century; Humans; Infection Control; Pandemics; Public Health Administration; SARS-CoV-2; Travel-Related Illness; United States; Article; coronavirus disease 2019; data analysis; East Asian; Europe; human; immunity; pandemic; United States; Asia; demography; diagnosis; economic recession; employment; epidemiology; history; infection control; organization and management; pandemic; physiology; prevention and control; procedures; public health service; travel related disease Developing Nation; Small and medium enterprise (SME’s); Sustainability; Tourism	 Big data; Costa Daurada; Public transport; Seasonality; Smart travel card data; Tourist destination	 Brand value; Ru ware; Traditional handicrafts; We-media	Intelligent agents; Ruthenium; Tourism; Construction of enterprise; Data analysis methods; Market economies; Employment 	Commerce; Decision making; Information management; Leisure; Mobile cloud computing; Rural areas; Tourism; Chinese markets; Cloud data managements; Computing platform; Concentration indices; Industrial structures; IOT applications; Rural economy; Security requirements; Internet of things Digital transformation; Emerging Technology; Healthcare	Architectural design; Artificial intelligence; Developing countries; Engineering research; Internet of things; Knowledge management; Sustainable development; Digital transformation; Emerging technologies; Health care providers; Internet of Things (IOT); Knowledge transfer; Millennium development goals; Performance system; Technological innovation; Health care Adaptation; Resilience; Sustainability; Tourist Destinations	 Data mining; Ridesourcing trip pattern; Sharing economy; Sustainable development; Usage regularity	Chengdu; China; Sichuan; Multimodal transportation; Statistics; Latent dirichlet allocations; Multisource data; Point of interest; Temporal distribution; Travel behaviors; Trip patterns; Urban sustainability; Validation results; data mining; data set; sustainable development; transportation mode; travel behavior; travel demand; urban transport; Big data Analytics; Big data; Business intelligence; Competitive productivity (CP); Tourism destination; Tourism destination competitiveness	 Big Data; Big Data Driven Decision-Making Model; Tourism Public Management and Service	Big data; Computer software selection and evaluation; Leisure industry; Service industry; Software reliability; Sustainable development; Tourism; Data driven decision; Decision framework; Environment characteristic; Implementation process; Industrialisation; Industry development; Public management; Service framework; Decision making Baros and Jangkaran mangrove ecotourism; Environmental change; In-depth interview; Infrastructure development; Observation	 Big-data marketing; Differential game; Low-carbon; Reference effect; Tourism supply chain	Big data; Carbon; Commerce; Consumer behavior; Decision making; Decision theory; Environmental protection; Environmental technology; Game theory; Leisure industry; Planning; Sensitivity analysis; Supply chains; Sustainable development; Comparative analysis; Continuous dynamics; Differential game theory; Environmental benefits; Low-carbon services; Optimal decision making; Supply chain coordination; Tourism supply chain; Tourism business ethics; economic growth; environmental sustainability; infrastructure; tourism	business development; economic growth; environmental management; ethics; income distribution; sustainability; tourism development; tourism management; tourist destination Eco-tourism; Internet plus; Resource optimization model; Rural area	Big data; Data fusion; Data mining; Ecology; Extraction; Feature extraction; Resource allocation; Tourism; Adaptive resource allocations; Correlation features; Eco-tourism development; Feature clustering; Internet technology; Resource optimization; Rural tourisms; Subspace modeling; Rural areas Bibliometric analysis; Big data; Intelligent transportation; Scopus; Traffic congestion; Web of Science	Accidents; Big data; Highway planning; Knowledge based systems; Motor transportation; Privacy by design; Recurrent neural networks; Roads and streets; Street traffic control; Travel time; Congestion prediction; Future research directions; Intellectual structures; Knowledge accumulation; Nonrecurrent congestion; Road traffic management; Traffic flow prediction; Travel time estimation; Traffic congestion big data; destination image; Marketing strategy; perceived risk; sustainable tourism; travel behaviour	antecedent conditions; data set; ecotourism; marketing; risk assessment; tourist behavior; tourist destination Elderly mobility; Public transport; Smart card data; Spatiotemporal analytics	 Citarum river; Community benefits; Geo-tourism; Geodiversity; Stakeholder participatory approach	Citarum River; Indonesia; Java; West Java; geodiversity; geotourism; landscape evolution; local participation; participatory approach; quantitative analysis; stakeholder; sustainability Canine rabies; Disease transmission; Free-roaming dog; Rabies control; Vaccination coverage	Animals; Dog Diseases; Dogs; Ethiopia; Immunization Programs; Rabies; Rabies Vaccines; Vaccination; rabies vaccine; rabies vaccine; animal behavior; Article; attitude to health; awareness; data analysis software; dog; Ethiopia; government; health care access; health care delivery; health care survey; health care utilization; household; human; latent class analysis; mass immunization; non-governmental organization; nonhuman; priority journal; public health campaign; rabies; travel; vaccination; vaccination coverage; veterinary clinic; virus transmission; Willingness To Pay; animal; dog; dog disease; Ethiopia; preventive health service; rabies; vaccination; veterinary medicine Agro-ecological tourism; Big data mining; Data processing; Environmental protection; Sustainable pevelopment concept	agroecology; artificial neural network; data mining; ecotourism; environmental protection; mapping method; research work; sustainable development; tourism Big aviation data; Digitization; Drone revolution; Future; Keywords: Air transport integration; Sustainability	 API; Latin America; Modal shift; Ride hailing; Ridesharing; TNCs; Travel behavior; UBER; Urban mobility	Bogota; Colombia; demand-side management; economic analysis; information technology; public transport; transportation development; travel demand; travel time 	Data Analytics; Decision making; Ecodesign; Greenhouse gases; Traffic congestion; Travel time; Vehicles; Bench-mark problems; Cloud platforms; Cloud-based; Decision makers; Device data; Mobility service; System levels; Transportation services; Service industry 	Forestry; Leisure industry; Planning; Tourism; Area development; Attribute data; Digital spatial data; Global business; Makassar cities; Maritime areas; Secondary datum; Spatial planning; Sustainable development area-based mapping; Excess commuting; Gini coefficient; horizontal equity; Seoul; spatial equity; transport big data	Seoul [South Korea]; South Korea; Mapping; Area-based; Excess commuting; Gini coefficients; horizontal equity; Seoul; spatial equity; commuting; mapping; spatial analysis; transportation system; urban transport; Urban transportation ARDL; Chinese tourists; Economic driver; Norway; price competitiveness	China; Norway; competitiveness; economic growth; economic impact; income; investment; sustainability; tourism economics; tourism market; tourist destination 	Computer software; Java programming language; Regional planning; Sustainable development; Tourism; After-treatment; Community development; Community empowerments; Experimental research; Research subjects; Sustainable tourism; Waste management program; Wilcoxon test; Waste management Big data; resident impact; small island tourism; sustainable development	Florida Coal hauling; Environment; Optimization; Topography; Travel time	 Attitude; Behavioral intentions; Desire; Eco-friendly; Edible insect restaurants; Green image	Animals; Attitude; Edible Insects; Intention; Republic of Korea; Restaurants; Sustainable Development; Travel; South Korea; Hexapoda; ecotourism; edible species; insect; numerical model; public attitude; theoretical study; article; attitude; data analysis; insect-based food; major clinical study; restaurant; South Korea; theoretical study; tourism; animal; attitude; behavior; catering service; sustainable development; travel 	Antennas; Fixed wings; Landforms; Surveys; Sustainable development; Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV); Automated identification; Critically endangered; Development and utilizations; Ecological protection; Guangdong Province; High application value; Natural environments; Scientific researches; Environmental protection Agritourism; IS strategy; Small medium enterprises; Strategic information systems planning; Success	Agricultural robots; Agriculture; Economics; Information systems; Strategic planning; Sustainable development; Tourism; Agricultural enterprise; Agricultural sector; External environments; Long-term sustainability; Production process; Small medium enterprise; Strategic information systems planning; Strategy implementations; Information use Arba Minch; banana; Ethiopia; marketing; profit margin; sustainability; value chain	 	 	Biodiversity; Ecosystems; Fisheries; Mapping; Marine education; Planning; Rural areas; Sustainable development; Coastal ecosystems; Content analysis; Data collection method; Data verification; Eco-tourism areas; Eco-tourisms; Ecotourism management; Makassar cities; Tourism Airbnb; Built heritage; Covid-19; GIS; Life cycle; Short-term rentals; Spatial analysis; Sustainability	Italy; Piedmont [Italy]; Torino [Piedmont]; Turin; cultural heritage; hospitality industry; housing management; integrated approach; neighborhood; spatial data; sustainability; tourism development; viral disease Air transport; Climate change; Energy sustainability; Tourism	 Employment; Panel causality; Sustainable economic development; Tourism; Turkey	 Cultural tourism; Effective; Key factors; Management; Tourism resource	 Coastal geomorphology; Coastal management; Geotechnology	 Community attachment; Consumer preferences change; Knowledge management; Sustainable and smart tourism	Climate change; Knowledge management; Sustainable development; Consumer preferences; Design and implements; Empirical research; Literature reviews; Long-term policies; Strategic sectors; Theory and practice; Tourism sectors; Tourism Creative computing; Cultural heritage; Machine learning; Tourism value	Backpropagation; Computation theory; Tourism; Back propagation neural networks; Combinatorial method; Computer techniques; Cultural heritage protections; Generation process; Tourism activities; Traditional elements; Value improvements; History 5G; cloud; haptics; IoT; smart education	Advanced Analytics; Augmented reality; Data Analytics; Internet of things; Queueing networks; Sustainable development; Wireless sensor networks; Compressive sensing; Cutting edge technology; Disabled people; Emerging technologies; Enhanced learning; Evolution of technology; Internet of Things (IOT); Virtual service; 5G mobile communication systems Big Data analytics; Internet of Things; Smart Cities	Big data; HTTP; Infrastructure as a service (IaaS); Land use; Location; Smart city; Street traffic control; Sustainable development; Tourism industry; Urban growth; Central business districts; Civilian populations; Data analysis techniques; ICT infrastructures; Infrastructure project; Interactive visualisation; Pedestrian mobility; Pedestrian traffic; Open Data Accessibility; Cultural tourism; Development; People with disabilities; Sustainability	 Big data; Scenic spot heat; Spatiotemporal distribution; Sustainable urban development; Touristic space plan	 Condom use; KwaZulu-Natal; Minibus taxi drivers; South Africa	Adult; Automobile Driving; Condoms; Female; Focus Groups; Health Knowledge, Attitudes, Practice; HIV Infections; Humans; Male; Middle Aged; Motor Vehicles; Occupations; Qualitative Research; Risk-Taking; Safe Sex; Sexual Behavior; Sexual Partners; South Africa; Surveys and Questionnaires; Transportation; Article; condom use; data analysis; data quality; driver; human; information processing; interview; personal experience; qualitative research; South Africa; travel; adult; attitude to health; car driving; condom; female; high risk behavior; Human immunodeficiency virus infection; male; middle aged; motor vehicle; occupation; psychology; questionnaire; safe sex; sexual behavior; sexuality; traffic and transport 	Data Analytics; Optimization; Production control; Scheduling; Data platform; Hierarchical planning; Process planning and scheduling; Production Planning; Research topics; Scheduling and controls; Scientific discipline; Statistical average; Data Science 	Big data; Ecology; Planning; Query processing; Sustainable development; Tourism; Commercial websites; Data analysis system; Data preprocessing; Ecological carrying capacity; Ecological footprint; Heterogeneous information; Pre-processing method; Tourist attractions; Search engines Eco-friendly event; event motivation; green event; push and pull factors; sustainability management in events	 Coupling coordination; Spatial and temporal evolution; Tourism efficiency; Tourism scale; Yangtze River Economic Belt	China; Yangtze River; Efficiency; Coordination degree; Distribution characteristics; Spatial heterogeneity; Spatial-temporal evolution; Spatio-temporal data; Spatiotemporal evolution; Technical efficiency; Temporal characteristics; economic conditions; spatial distribution; spatiotemporal analysis; sustainable development; tourism; tourism development; urban area; Tourism Big data analytics; Cascading affordances; Smart cities; Smart tourism	Advanced Analytics; Big data; Metadata; Smart city; Tourism; Affordances; Informed decision; Policy makers; Technology affordances; Tourism services; Data Analytics 	China; Cities; Conservation of Natural Resources; Geography; Humans; Industry; Public Facilities; Spatio-Temporal Analysis; article; big data; China; diffusion; empiricism; growth rate; sanitation; socioeconomics; sports and sport related phenomena; sustainable development; tourism; China; city; environmental protection; geography; human; industry; spatiotemporal analysis CSR; Environmental; ESG; Firm performance; Governance; Social	 	Big data; Decision making; Population statistics; Surveys; Tourism; Decision-making behaviors; Elderly populations; Household surveys; Inverse proportions; Microdata; Travel choice behaviors; Leisure industry Computer Big Data; Minority Areas; Planning of Ancient Buildings; Urbanization	Green manufacturing; Leisure industry; Planning; Tourism; Cities and towns; Data technologies; Development model; Leading industry; Minority regions; Multi-purpose; Multiaccess networks; Western Sichuan; Big data digitalization; Information and communication technologies; Sustainable Development Goals; tourism	 Post-Disaster; Sustainability; Sustainable Pillars; Tourism MSMEs; Tourism Plan	 Cultural tourism; Low-carbon operations; Psychological process; Responsible behavior; Small island; Sustainable tourism	Taiwan; conceptual framework; ecotourism; heritage tourism; marketing; operations technology; psychology; tourism development; tourist behavior County level analysis; Eigenvector based spatial filtering analysis; High-speed rail; Panel data analysis; Regional development in China	China; Beamforming; Data handling; Economics; Eigenvalues and eigenfunctions; Information analysis; Railroad transportation; Regional planning; Travel time; County level; High speed rail; Panel data analysis; Regional development; Spatial filterings; accessibility; economic impact; high-speed train; panel data; regional development; socioeconomic indicator; spatial analysis; transportation infrastructure; Economic and social effects Autonomous vehicles; Intelligent connection; Molility as a service (MaaS); Sharing mobility; Transportation big-data; Urban transportation management and serves	 Ecotourism; Environmental attitudes; Environmental concern; Environmentally responsible behaviour; Facilitating conditions	Empirical studies; Environmental attitudes; Environmental concerns; Environmental knowledge; Environmentally responsible behaviours; Facilitating conditions; Moderating effect; Sustainability issues; Sustainable development 	Air transportation; Linear regression; Sustainable development; Unloading; Warehouses; Commercial property; Indonesia; Multiple linear regression analysis; Panel data; Quantitative method; Secondary datum; Sustainable cities; Airports China tourism; Loyalty; Perceived quality; Perceived value; Rural tourism; Satisfaction	China; perception; psychology; rural area; rural population; tourism development; tourist attraction; tourist behavior; willingness to pay aerospace environmental health; bioinformatics; nuclear propulsion; precision medicine; radiation countermeasures	 customer delight; Historical hotels; Paradores; quality of service; sustainable tourism; valorization of cultural heritage	 City connectivity; Functional role; Regional pattern; Tourism geography; Tourism service value; Urban hierarchy	China; air transportation; connectivity; ecotourism; hierarchical system; regional geography; service provision; tourism development; urban area data analytics; social media data; topic modelling; Urban tourism hotspots sustainable tourism planning; venue check-ins	ecotourism; social media; spatiotemporal analysis; tourism development; tourism management; tourist behavior; tourist destination Community attachment; Community tourism; Destination sustainability; Resident support; Spiritual tourism	 	Location; Spatial variables measurement; Data analysis techniques; Exploratory spatial data analysis; Fatal crashes; Location analysis; Pedestrian fatalities; Planning community; Spatial scale; State of Ohio; Sustainable transportation; Transportation planning; Pedestrian safety 	 Adaptation; Beach recreation; Big data; Climate change; Coastal tourism; Ecosystem services; Sea level rise; Travel cost method	Japan; adaptive management; beach; climate change; coastal zone; ecosystem service; environmental economics; mobile phone; policy approach; recreational facility; sustainable development; tourism economics; tourism market Carrying capacity; Ecotourism; Mangrove; Suitability	 car use; situational factor; Sustainable transport; travel behaviour; travel demand management	 Abaco Cays; Bahamas; Hurricane Dorian; Sustainable development goals; Tourism	 Business economics; China; Corporate social responsibility; Market capitalization; Market value; Time lag; Tour and travel	 Big data; small island; tourism experience perception	Excavata; Florida Big data; marine tourism development; perception difference	Florida big data; Bikeshare; bikeshare tourism; cycling; GPS; tourist tracking	cycle transport; data set; spatiotemporal analysis; tourism management; tourist destination; transportation mode; travel behavior; travel time dual tourpractice base; higher engineering education; Master of Engineering	Curricula; Engineering education; Personnel training; Project management; Chinese universities; Course constructions; Economic and social development; Economic globalization; Educational innovations; Higher engineering educations; Internationalization of higher educations; Science and Technology; Students Big data; Complex network; Correlation; Origination-destination; Travel time	Nanjing [Jiangsu]; correlation; index method; network analysis; public transport; spatial distribution; sustainable development; travel time 	 ecological civilization construction; Ecological environmental protection; tilization of water resource	Florida Cluster analysis; Observe platform; Sustainability indicators; Sustainable tourism; The algarve region	Algarve; Portugal; classification; cluster analysis; data assimilation; decision making; ecotourism; planning method; sustainability Data-driven decision making; Route selection; Smart city; Sustainable transportation	California; Long Beach [California]; United States; carbon dioxide; carbon emission; decision making; greenhouse gas; mapping method; operations technology; quality of life; sustainability; transportation mode; travel time; urban planning cruisers; Dubrovnik; Overtourism; sustainable tourism; tourism stakeholders	 Big data; mobility; research methods; small data; sustainable tourism	data set; ecotourism; GIS; information and communication technology; literature review; mobility; research Adaptability; Consistency; Employee-based brand equity; Involvement; Mission	 Mobile applications; Oblique photography; Social media; Sustainable tourism	China; decision making; economic development; ecotourism; photography; social media; software; sustainable development; Sustainable Development Goal Ecological footprint; GMM; Inbound tourism; Outbound tourism	 	 Big data; Industry 4.0; Internet-of-Things; Smart tourism; Sustainability development goals; Web 2.0	 Panel data; Personalised Travel Plan; Tour; Travel Behaviour; University Students	Human resource management; Daily travel behaviours; Panel data; Panel data analysis; Personalized travel plan; Private vehicles; Tour; Travel behaviour; Travel plans; University student travel behaviors; University students; commuting; data acquisition; panel data; public transport; student; sustainability; travel behavior; university sector; Students Baiyun Mountain; GIS; Viewpoints selection; Viewshed analysis	Analytic hierarchy process; Artificial intelligence; Computation theory; Data acquisition; Ecosystems; Geographic information systems; Landforms; Planning; Regional planning; Security of data; Site selection; Surveys; Topography; Developed countries; Ecological protection; Exploration and development; Geographic information; Questionnaire surveys; Scenic area planning; Simulation and analysis; Whole analysis process; Quality control Aggregation; Autorickshaw; Data analysis; Data visualisation; Public transport; Ridesharing; Smart city	Existing systems; Hotspots; Metropolitan cities; Ride-sharing; Sustainable development CRM; Customer satisfaction; Hospitality; Hotel industry; Star rated hotels	 Accessibility; Awareness; Barrier-Free Tourism; Education; Sustainable Society	 Architectural representation; Bottom-up; Ecology thinking; Participation; Participation tools; Right to the city; Social transformation; Sustainable urbanism; Urban tools; Urbanism	 National park; Supply chain strategy; Sustainable transport; Tourist	 Climate change; Drought impact; Hydro electricity; Lake Kariba; Resort towns; Tourism southern Africa; Zambezi river	 Big Data; Mobile phone data; Mobility profile; Track and Trace; Transport policy	Cellular telephones; Citizen participation; Individual mobility; Mobile phone sensors; New business models; Sustainable communities; Transportation modelling; Transportation planning; Transportation system; data management; GPS; mobile phone; mobility; transportation planning; transportation policy; travel behavior; Decision making Life satisfaction; Mediating role; Residents’ perceptions; Residents’ support; Small island; Sustainable tourism; Tourism development	 Gender comparison; Sustainable entrepreneurship; Tourism students	Spain; business; comparative study; education; entrepreneur; gender; innovation; spatiotemporal analysis; student; sustainability; sustainable development; tourism Goal; Health and well-being; Sustainable development; Tobago; Tourism providers; Tourism sector	 Community-based tourism (CBT); East java; Marine tourism; Policy making; Sustainable development	 Kashmir; local residents; PLS-SEM; support for tourism; Tourism	Gulmarg; India; Jammu and Kashmir; least squares method; local participation; public attitude; questionnaire survey; sustainability; tourism development 	Leisure industry; Managers; Social networking (online); Tourism; User experience; Websites; Data framework; Geographic information; Geographical locations; Integrating information; Social media websites; Strategic decisions; Tourism marketings; Travel experiences; Big data Cross-border healthcare; Data driven; Driving mechanism; Equalization of medical and health resources; Service mode	 Economic and environmental performance; Green innovation; Hotel industry; Sustainable development	Environmental management; Hotels; Least squares approximations; Planning; Pollution; Sustainable development; Tourism industry; Economic and environmental performance; Environmental and economic performance; Environmental pollutions; Green innovations; Hotel industry; Partial least-squares method; Sustainability performance; Sustainable performance; Industrial economics Airport; Collaborative Decision Making; Ground Transport; Multimodal; Passenger Flows	Decision making; Decision support systems; Predictive analytics; Combination of modes; Concept of operations; Data analysis methods; Decision support tools; Information sharing; Real-time collaborative; Situational awareness; Surrounding regions; Airports Business models; Community-based tourism; Online platform; Sharing economy; Tourism micro-entrepreneurship	 	Artificial Intelligence; Biomedical Engineering; Delivery of Health Care; Sustainable Development; biomedical engineering; cardiorespiratory fitness; chronic disease; cognition; conference paper; counseling; dementia; drama therapy; Editorial; elderly care; endurance; environmental health; epiphyte; fuzzy system; happiness; health care; health care utilization; human; medical tourism; mental health care; non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus; patient satisfaction; pharmacy (shop); polypharmacy; program sustainability; public health; seagrass; artificial intelligence; health care delivery; sustainable development 	Developing countries; Disasters; Urban planning; Government agencies; Human capital development; Income generation; Issues and challenges; Natural environments; Physical development; Tourism development; Tourism sectors; Rural areas big data; national park; urban intelligence; urbanization	Intelligent systems; Open Data; Tourism; Urban growth; Development management; Ecological protection; Intelligence analysis; Intelligence services; Operation system; Sustainable improvement; Tourist attractions; Transportation problem; Traffic congestion Data Acquisition System; low power; reliability; Tsunami	Availability; Battery Pack; Buoys; Climate change; Cost reduction; Cryptography; Data acquisition; Data handling; Digital storage; Energy efficiency; Energy storage; Energy utilization; Information analysis; Information services; Integrated circuit design; Maintenance; Mooring; Oceanography; Offshore oil well production; Offshore technology; Outages; Real time systems; Shipbuilding; Ships; Storms; Telemetering equipment; Tsunamis; Continuous improvements; Data acquisition system; Design and Development; Energy-efficient design; Mean time between failures; Mission control centers; Ocean observation systems; Tsunami early-warning systems; Marine communication Autonomous cars; Energy conservation; Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions; Rapid bus transport; Urban mobility	 gender difference; regression; sustainability; trip generation; work choice	 Big data; coastal city; image perception; tourism	Florida; Jia jia Advertising and Promotion; Customers' Experience; Gamification; Hospitality; Loyalty Programmes	 Cluster analysis; Ecological footprint; Panel analysis; Tourist cities	China; cluster analysis; competitiveness; ecological footprint; economic growth; Gross Domestic Product; panel data; sustainable development; tourism development Binary Logit Model; Cross Tabulation; Metropolitan Areas; Spatial Distance; Transportation Mode	Data handling; Information analysis; Sustainable development; Traffic congestion; Binary logit model; Cross Tabulation; Metropolitan area; Spatial distance; Transportation mode; Urban transportation 	Sustainable development; Driving factors; Edge structures; High quality; Jiangsu province; Network structures; Northern regions; Southern jiangsu provinces; Variable model; Environmental management Biodiversity; Continent valuation; Kalam valley; Tourism; Willingness to pay	 Blue economy; Cross-section data analysis; Maritime cluster; Shipping competitiveness; Shipping policy; Sustainable development	International trade; Sustainable development; Blue economies; Comparative analysis; Cross section data; Maritime cluster; Maritime industry; Top oil; Weighted rankings; Ships Big Data; Cities of Ecuador; Internet of Things; Security Model; Tourism Management	Big data; Data privacy; Information management; Network architecture; Sustainable development; Captive portals; Deductive methods; Ecuador; High availability; Public security; Security model; Security strategies; Tourism management; Internet of things Internet of Things (IoT); Oreum; Smart Tourism; Sustainable tourism; Tourist Attractions	 Application demonstration; Hainan province; Remote sensing big data; Resources and environment	Big data; Decision making; Demonstrations; Economic and social effects; Environmental management; Forestry; Remote sensing; Space optics; Sustainable development; Geographical environment; Government departments; Hainan Province; Integration of spatial informations; Remote sensing technology; Resources and environment; Socio-economic development; Spatial information technologies; Information management Bureaucratic Reform; Public Service; Tana Toraja; Tourism	Planning; Sustainable development; Application of information technologies; Bureaucratic Reform; Data analysis techniques; Interactive modeling; Public services; Semi structured interviews; Tana Toraja; Tourism; Data acquisition agent-based modeling; daily activities and travel; geospatial big data; travel metrics	Autonomous agents; Climate change; Computational methods; Errors; Global positioning system; Highway administration; Mean square error; Simulation platform; Sustainable development; Systems analysis; Agent-based model; Daily activity; Federal Highway Administration; Geo-spatial; Large-scale agent-based simulations; Root mean squared errors; travel metrics; Vehicle-miles traveled; Big data Apriori algorithm; Association rules; Big data; E-learning; Online learning; R environment; Recommendation system	Association rules; Big data; Curricula; Data mining; Electronic commerce; Engines; Intelligent systems; Learning algorithms; Learning systems; Mining; Planning; Recommender systems; Students; Sustainable development; Apriori algorithms; Association rules mining; Computing environments; E-learning platforms; Educational resource; Online learning; Pedagogical resources; R environment; E-learning Children under five; HIV-exposed children; Impediments; Literature review; PMTCT; South Africa	CD4 antigen; child care; data analysis; disease transmission; follow up; government; health care facility; health care personnel; health insurance; health practitioner; human; Human immunodeficiency virus infection; immunization; knowledge; maternal child health care; mother to child transmission; polymerase chain reaction; postnatal care; practice guideline; prenatal care; priority journal; Review; scoring system; sexual transmission; social support; South Africa; staff; sustained virologic response; total quality management; travel Countermeasures; Cui Huashan Mountain; Potential safety hazard; Safety management; Scenic spots; Tourism safety; Tourists	Environmental protection; Geology; Hazards; Landforms; Planning; Radar countermeasures; Resource allocation; Sustainable development; Cui Huashan Mountain; Potential safety hazards; Safety management; Scenic spot; Tourists; Information management Architectural heritage; Digital humanities; Interactive education; Smart tourism destination	Big data; E-learning; Educational technology; Research and development management; Social aspects; Architectural heritage; Digital architectural heritages; Digital humanities; Digital technologies; Interactive education; Open access platforms; Smart tourism destination; Social responsibilities; Architecture 	Decision making; Information dissemination; Information management; Marketing; Pollution control; Project management; Sustainable development; Urban planning; Construction management; Control and management; Industrial demands; Outdoor advertisings; Planning projects; Regional differences; Technical support; Urban planning managements; Zoning Big data; Commuter exposure; Indoor air quality; Low-cost sensors; Urban commuting	Air quality; Big data; Buses; Carbon dioxide; Costs; Heart; Indoor air pollution; Metabolism; Spatial variables measurement; Travel time; Commuter exposure; Exploratory research; Geographic coordinates; Indoor air quality; Low-cost sensors; Metabolic equivalents; Temporal and spatial; Urban commuting; Bus transportation Big data; High-speed railway; PyeongChang; Social media; South Korea; Tourist perceptions; Winter olympics	 Beijing; Environmental justice; Mobile phone data;                              PM                             <sub>2.5</sub>                              exposure                         ; Travel exposure; Urban mobility	Beijing [China]; China; Air quality; Big data; Cellular telephones; Cellular telephones; Health risks; Housing; Motor transportation; Public risks; Roads and streets; Surveys; Sustainable development; Telephone sets; Traffic congestion; Travel time; Beijing; Environmental justice; Mobile phone datum; PM2.5 exposure; Travel exposure; Urban mobility; air quality; ambient air; atmospheric pollution; concentration (composition); environmental justice; health risk; particulate matter; pollution exposure; public health; travel behavior; Population statistics Agritourism; Cooperation; Greece; QDA; Sentiment analysis; Text mining	Aegean Islands; Aegean Sea; Greece; Karditsa; Lesbos; Mediterranean Sea; Northern Aegean; Plastiras Lake; Thessaly; database; island; literature review; mountain region; perception; qualitative analysis; questionnaire survey; tourism; training Employee perception; North cyprus; Sustainable development; Sustainable practice; Tourism; Tourism accommodations	cultural heritage; environmental impact; European Union; hotel industry; management practice; model validation; perception; sustainability; sustainable development; tourism management big data and internet; evidential reasoning method.; Sustainability assessment; sustainable maritime tourism industry	assessment method; crime; economic development; ecotourism; environmental protection; governance approach; Internet; social development; sustainability; tourism market; uncertainty analysis Sustainability; Traffic engineering; Transport management	Costs; Highway engineering; Surveys; Sustainable development; Mobility pattern; Present situation; Pricing structures; Strong correlation; Sustainable transportation; Traffic Engineering; Transport management; User satisfaction; Electric automobiles Online reviews; Purchase decisions; Shared short-term rental; Social networks; Sustainable tourism	decision analysis; ecotourism; Internet; model; optimization; questionnaire survey; rental sector; risk perception; social network 	Electric power transmission networks; Strategic planning; Surveys; Sustainable development; Analysis method; Development status; Development strategies; Line fields; On-line network; Self drivings; Travel modes; Word of mouth; Smart power grids ANN; Artificial intelligence; Econometric models; Educational activity; Travel behavior; Travel demand management	Artificial intelligence; Behavioral research; Forecasting; Motor transportation; Traffic congestion; Activity-based modelling; Artificial intelligence techniques; Daily travel behaviours; Econometric model; Educational activities; Transportation planners; Travel behaviors; Travel demand management; Students Agricultural; Aromatic coconut; Products; Supply chain management; Thailand	 Logistic management; Planning of supply chain; Supplier selection; Supply chain management; Sustainability	 Digital tourism; ICT infrastructure; Software applications and tools; Tourism development	Application programs; Interactive computer systems; Sustainable development; Digital tourism; Face-to-face interview; Government officials; Grounded theory approach; Hospitality industry; ICT infrastructures; Software applications; Tourism development; Surveys Lean manufacturing; Value stream map	 Attractive Attributes; Education; Evaluation Grid Method; Experience Economic; Food Agriculture Field; Wumi Le Community	Agricultural robots; Big data; Curricula; Economics; Education; Leisure industry; Sustainable development; Tourism industry; User experience; Attractive Attributes; Economic modeling; Environmental awareness; Environmental sustainability; Evaluation grid methods (EGM); Quantitative research methods; Wumi Le Community; Agriculture Destination management; Nautical tourism; Satisfaction; Sustainability; Tourism competitiveness	 environmental; green marketing orientation; hospitality; performance; social; South Africa; tourism	 	 End-to-end communication; Intelligent transport systems; Internet of things; ITS node; Traffic signals	 Built environment; Public transport modes; Smart card data; Taxi GPS trajectories; Travel behavior	 Environmental awareness; Environmental education; Natural curiosity; Pro-conservation values	 Business model; Global geopark ciletuh; Indonesia; Sustainable geo-tourism	 augmented product; commodification; digital travel data; Georgia; hospitality; hybrid approach; mountain; tourism; tradition	Georgia; United States; ecotourism; mountain region; questionnaire survey; sustainability; tourism development Big data; Governance; Management; Smart tourism; Tourism destination	 destination branding; e-WOM; Sanya city; tourism big data; tourism event	 Bus; Design tool; Experience-Driven Design; Mindset; Persona; Travel experience; User experience (UX); UX goal	Buses; Human computer interaction; Design tool; Mindset; Persona; Travel experiences; User experiences (ux); UX goal; Bus transportation Behavioural intentions; Ecotoursim; Environmental identity; Mauritius; Sustainable tourism	 Circular monitoring; Food events; Knowledge management; Stakeholder engagement; Tourist events; Triple bottom line	 air pollution; Beijing; gravity model; panel data analysis; sustainability; tourism demand	Beijing [China]; China; air quality; atmospheric pollution; demand analysis; numerical model; panel data; sustainability; tourism economics; tourist behavior; travel behavior Estimation; household mobility; large-scale data; machine learning; sustainable transportation system; travel mode choice	Decision trees; Estimation; Motor transportation; Support vector machines; Surveys; Travel time; Explanatory variables; Household mobility; Large scale data; Large scale surveys; Sustainable transportation; Sustainable transportation systems; Three machine learning methods; Travel mode choices; Learning systems Behavior change; Green hotels; Market segmentation; Rural tourism; Sustainable development; Theory of planned behavior	Serbia; hotel industry; market system; planning theory; psychology; rural area; sustainability; sustainable development; tourism market; tourist behavior Big data; Electrification; GPS trajectories; Machine learning; Ride-hailing; Urban mobility	Beijing [China]; China; Battery electric vehicles; Big data; Charging (batteries); Electric utilities; Energy utilization; Learning systems; Travel time; Urban growth; Charging infrastructures; Electrification; Environmental benefits; Gps trajectories; Individual levels; Ride-hailing; Urban mobility; Urban mobility patterns; cost analysis; electric vehicle; electrification; energy use; GPS; machine learning; social mobility; urban area; Fleet operations Cloud Computing; Cluster; Cluster focus; Control systems	Agricultural robots; Agriculture; Big data; Cloud computing; Economics; Internet of things; Sustainable development; Agricultural economy; Cloud infrastructures; Infrastructure networks; Resource extraction; Smart agricultures; Sustainable tourism development; Technical solutions; Technology infrastructure; Intelligent computing Green tourism supply chain; Performance assessment system	 Paperless data management; Telecommute; Trauma analysts; Trauma registry	Data Management; Efficiency, Organizational; Electronic Health Records; Guidelines as Topic; Humans; Quality Assurance, Health Care; Quality Improvement; Registries; Teleworking; Trauma Centers; United States; absenteeism; adult; article; case report; clinical article; documentation; drug safety; emergency health service; employee; employment; female; human; job satisfaction; male; patient safety; productivity; surgeon; telecommuting; timeliness (data); total quality management; travel; turnover rate; work from home; electronic health record; emergency health service; health care quality; information processing; organization and management; practice guideline; register; telecommuting; United States biosphere reserves; Critical discourse analysis (CDA); ideology; power; Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs); United Nations	Limpopo; South Africa; Waterberg Mountains; ecotourism; hegemony; ideology; interdisciplinary approach; neoliberalism; sustainable development; tourism market; United Nations Future study; MICMAC; Structural analysis; Sustainable tourism; Tourism impacts	 Environmental psychology; Physical activity; Social support; Socio-ecological model; Transportation; Walkability	 Data mining; Ecotourism behavior; Fuzzy decision making method; Particle swarm optimization; Sports tourism; Support vector machine	Big data; Decision making; Particle swarm optimization (PSO); Sports; Statistical methods; Support vector machines; Tourism; Urban planning; Behavior characteristic; Data mining technology; Eco-tourisms; Fuzzy Decision making; Objective functions; Particle swarm optimization method; Sports tourisms; Statistical decision-making; Data mining Electric and water utility integrated planning; Energy; Energy-water nexus; Energy-water tournament; Weuip	Energy efficiency; Energy resources; Energy utilization; Information management; Recovery; Sustainable development; Energy; Energy-water nexus; Energy-water tournament; Integrated planning; Weuip; Water resources Carrying capacity; Historic centres; Smart heritage city; Smart tourism management; Sustainable cultural tourism; Urban 3-D model	cultural heritage; ecotourism; heritage tourism; historical geography; three-dimensional modeling; tourism development; tourist attraction Road passenger transport services; Smart frameworks; Smart tourism; Smart transport; Tour analytics; Tourism innovation	Data Analytics; World Wide Web; Passenger transport; SMART framework; Smart tourism; Smart transport; Tour analytics; Consumer behavior Algeria; Archaeological site; Heritage; Protection and Valorization; Timgad; Tourism	Algeria; Batna; archaeology; cultural heritage; economic development; heritage tourism; preservation; questionnaire survey; UNESCO; valorization Development strategy; Kampung tourism lawas maspati; SWOT; Tourist destination	 Archaeological sites; Ecotourism; National parks; Natural heritage	Brazil; Heros; archaeological evidence; ecotourism; heritage tourism; implementation process; local government; national park; protected area Coral reefs; Management; Resilience; Wakatobi	Greater Sunda Islands; Southeast Sulawesi; Sulawesi; Sunda Isles; Wakatobi; algae; Anthozoa; conservation management; coral reef; environmental management; fishery management; recruitment (population dynamics); species diversity; sustainability; targeting effective practices; GHG emissions; green; mobile phone; supply chain	Malus x domestica; emission; emission control; greenhouse gas; management practice; mobile phone; supply chain management; sustainability Krkonoše mountains national park; Nature conservation; Route attributes; Tourism; Trail research	 Cambodia; Economic development; Gross domestic product; Johansen co-integration test; Sustainable tourism development; Tourism policies; Tourism revenues; Tourism sector	 Big data analytics; Eco-friendly hotels; Machine learning; Sustainable tourism; Travelers’ preference; Tripadvisor	Advanced Analytics; Big data; Collaborative filtering; Data Analytics; Environmental protection; Forecasting; Hotels; Large dataset; Learning algorithms; Learning systems; Machine learning; Soft computing; Dimensionality reduction; Eco-friendly; Environmental sustainability; Machine learning techniques; Products and services; Soft computing methods; Sustainable tourism; Tripadvisor; Sustainable development cultural tourism; Intangible cultural heritage; planning; strategy making; sustainable development	 	 City logistics; Environment; Generation y; Millennials; Mobility patterns; Sustainable transport; Urban mobility	Europe; Poland [Central Europe]; public attitude; sustainability; travel behavior; urban area; urban transport; young population environmentally responsible behavior; responsible tourism; sports event; sports events tourism	 Coronavirus; Covid-19; Public health emergency of international concern; Travel screening	Air Travel; Betacoronavirus; Coronavirus Infections; Humans; Mass Screening; Pandemics; Pneumonia, Viral; Time Factors; Article; aviation; basic reproduction number; community transmission; contact examination; controlled study; coronavirus disease 2019; data analysis software; epidemic; home quarantine; human; mandatory reporting; probability; public health service; screening; secondary infection; sensitization; Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2; symptom; travel related disease; virus transmission; Betacoronavirus; Coronavirus infection; mass screening; pandemic; time factor; virus pneumonia Community empowerment; Community support; Community-based tourism; Pakistan; Sustainable tourism development	Pakistan; ecotourism; empowerment; local participation; tourism development Big data; Congestion estimation; Genetic algorithm; Public transport network	 Congestion; Green vehicle route; Optimal delivery; Transportation	 Beijing; Big data analytics; Geographical pattern; Traffic congestion; Traffic congestion index	Beijing [Beijing (ADS)]; Beijing [China]; China; geographical variation; megacity; spatiotemporal analysis; suburban area; traffic congestion; urban transport Employees; Hotels; Institutional support; Leadership behaviour; Pro-environmental behaviour; Workplace; Workplace spirituality	South Africa; environmental change; hotel industry; leadership; stakeholder; survey method; sustainability; tourism development; working conditions Big data; City life; Digital photographs; Social media; Spatial perception; Tourism	 computer vision; machine learning; theory tragedy of the commons	Big data; Learning systems; Machine learning; Natural resources; Indonesia; Initial design; Mobile applications; Motion detection; Operational teams; Tourist destinations; Tragedy of the commons; Computer vision Malaysia; Sustainable business management; Sustainable destination management; Sustainable tourism practices; Tour operators	 Big data; Green hotels; Machine learning techniques; Multi-criteria decision-making; Neuro-fuzzy; Satisfaction; Sustainable development; TOPSIS	Malaysia; cluster analysis; data mining; decision making; fuzzy mathematics; machine learning; multicriteria analysis; numerical model; service quality; sustainable development; World Wide Web Bike sharing; Dockless bike sharing; Public bicycles; Shared mobility; Sustainable transport	 Big data; National transportation CO<sub>2</sub> emission; National urban policy; National urban system; Spatial distribution of cities; STIRPAT; Sustainable development; Territorial planning; Urban analytics	Big data; Carbon; Carbon dioxide; Economics; Environmental protection; NASA; Planning; Polarization; Population statistics; Spatial distribution; Stochastic models; Stochastic systems; Sustainable development; Urban growth; CO2 emissions; Stirpat; Territorial planning; Urban analytics; Urban policy; Urban systems; carbon dioxide; carbon emission; data acquisition; global perspective; Gross Domestic Product; policy development; pollutant transport; spatial distribution; sustainable development; territorial planning; urban area; urban system; urbanization; Urban transportation Cost; Data; Expenditure; Graph; Metropolitan	 	Basement Membrane; Calcium; Cell Communication; Cell Membrane; Cell Movement; Cornea; Epithelial Cells; Humans; Microscopy, Confocal; Organ Culture Techniques; Signal Transduction; Wound Healing; 3 [[5 (2,3 dichlorophenyl) 1h tetrazol 1 yl]methyl]pyridine; adenosine triphosphate; calcium ion; ion channel; ion channel pannexin; purinergic P2X7 receptor; purinergic P2Y2 receptor; purinergic receptor; unclassified drug; uridine triphosphate; calcium; animal tissue; Article; calcium mobilization; cell communication; cell migration; cell motility; cell structure; controlled study; cornea injury; correlational study; data analysis software; ex vivo study; human; human cell; in vitro study; mouse; nonhuman; organ culture; prediction; protein modification; quantitative analysis; wound healing; basement membrane; cell communication; cell membrane; cell motion; confocal microscopy; cornea; epithelium cell; genetics; metabolism; organ culture technique; pathology; signal transduction; ultrastructure; wound healing Big data; Bike-sharing; China; Community bus; Data mining; last-mile; Multiple attribute decision making; On-demand ride-sharing service; Sina Weibo; Travel mode selection	Chengdu; China; Sichuan; bus transport; data mining; decision making; demand analysis; innovation; travel behavior; urban transport Asturias.; Best-worst scale; Biosphere reserve; Regression analysis; Sociodemographic factors; Survey method; sustainable tourism; Tourists perception	 	 Four Water Concepts; LULC; Remote Sensing and GIS; Runoff; Sub-basin	 Event planning; Event tourism; National parks; Protected areas; Tourism planning	 Acceptability; Chronic kidney disease; Diet; Telehealth; Text message	Adult; Aged; Diet, Healthy; Feeding Behavior; Female; Humans; Male; Mentoring; Middle Aged; Patient Acceptance of Health Care; Patient Participation; Professional-Patient Relations; Qualitative Research; Renal Insufficiency, Chronic; Telemedicine; adult; aged; chronic kidney failure; feeding behavior; female; human; male; mentoring; middle aged; patient attitude; patient participation; procedures; professional-patient relationship; psychology; qualitative research; telemedicine Ecological environment; Heritage monitoring; Remote sensing; Spatial-temporal distribution	Bayinbuluk Grassland; China; Xinjiang Uygur; cultural heritage; environmental assessment; environmental monitoring; environmental protection; growth; management practice; principal component analysis; remote sensing; satellite data; spatial data; spatiotemporal analysis; sustainability Bicycle; Bicycle-metro integration; Bicycle-sharing; Destination accessibility; Distance decay	Bicycling; Big Data; China; Environment Design; Humans; Transportation; Walking; China; Guangdong; Shenzhen; accessibility; cycle transport; data set; metro system; public transport; travel behavior; Article; built environment; China; controlled study; cycling; cycling destination accessibility; cyclist; decision making; environment; gravity; human; information system; land use; population research; public bicycle sharing system; traffic and transport; urban area; walking; environmental planning; walking Big Data; Charging points location; Electromobility; Sustainable development; Travel behaviour	 Climate change; Kenya; Natural resources; Sustainability; Tourism	 Big data; Indicators; Official statistics; Tourism sustainability	data set; literature review; methodology; policy implementation; sustainability; tourism 	Budget control; Commerce; Computational methods; Data acquisition; Digital storage; Human resource management; Hypersonic vehicles; Investments; Risk assessment; Aerospace workforce; Computational capability; Computational tools; Data and information; Research and development; Space access vehicles; Subject matter experts; Test and evaluation; Quality control BDA coordination; BDA intelligence; BDA investment; BDA planning; Big data analytics; IT capability and sustainable tourism supply chain performance	 Co-management; Common pool resources; Institutions; North Cyprus; Power sharing; Sustainable tourism	Cyprus; Carbon footprint; Ecosystems; Societies and institutions; Co-management; Common pool resources; North Cyprus; Power sharing; Sustainable tourism; carbon flux; carbon footprint; comanagement; ecotourism; governance approach; questionnaire survey; Sustainable development ASEAN heritage park; Cultural ecosystem service; Nature-based tourism; Protected area; Social big data; Spatial visitation pattern	ASEAN; developing world; ecosystem service; ecotourism; national park; survey; sustainability; tourism management; tourist attraction Big data; Bike-sharing; GTFS; Spatially adjusted regression; Tel Aviv; Traffic assignment	Israel; Tel Aviv; bus transport; cycle transport; data set; regression analysis; spatial data; traffic management; transportation policy; travel behavior; travel time; urban transport Life cycle cost; Port-city; Public-private partnerships; Urban development	 Global trends; Local reactions; Mediterranean region; Stakeholders' perceptions; Tourism dynamics	France; Spain; decision making; numerical model; perception; stakeholder; tourism economics; tourism market; trend analysis 	Highway engineering; Traffic control; High-density cities; Highway capacity manual; Local authorities; Mobility management; Public transportation; Service operations; Sustainable cities; Transportation planning; Nanostructured materials 	Forecasting; Hidden Markov models; Learning systems; Sustainable development; Civic organizations; Construction projects; Data analysis methods; Hazard mitigations; Machine learning techniques; Road reconstruction project; Surrounding environment; Urban quality of life; Quality control 	 Artificial intelligence; Digital transformation and big data; Smart cities; Smart tourism	3D printers; Artificial intelligence; Big data; Data mining; Digital storage; Electronic commerce; Metadata; Process control; Robotics; Smart city; Social networking (online); Artificial intelligent; Conceptual frameworks; Digital transformation; Emerging technologies; Information communication technology; Smart tourism; Software and hardwares; State-of-the-art technology; Intelligent robots heritage conservation; human-inhabited World Heritage; social development; tourism industry	 Big data analytics; Destination image; Greek Attica; Online travel review; Opinion mining; Place sustainability; Resource optimisation; Sentiment analysis; TripAdvisor; User-generated content	Attica; Greece; analytical method; image analysis; Internet; literature review; methodology; mobile phone; optimization; paradigm shift; resource assessment; social media; sustainability; tourist destination Management; Marine Protected Area; Reef manta; Seasonal movement; Tagging; West Papua	 dynamic panel GMM; financial factors; net tourism receipts; Nuclear energy consumption; panel causality; resource depletion	Carbon; Conservation; Energy policy; Energy utilization; Industrial emissions; Method of moments; Nuclear energy; Pollution control; Renewable energy resources; Dynamic panels; Financial factors; net tourism receipts; Panel causality; Resource depletion; Sustainable development IoT; Micro-services; NFC; Smart city; Smart tourism	Application programming interfaces (API); Data handling; Internet of things; Near field communication; Smart city; Architecture modeling; Business opportunities; Micro services; Smart tourism; Structural system solution; Technological advancement; Travel experiences; Visitor management; Information management Big data; Historic district; Positioning; Protection; Utilization	Environmental protection; Environmental regulations; Planning; Sustainable development; Urban planning; Waste utilization; Comprehensive managements; Development directions; Historic district; Historical districts; Local characteristics; Positioning; Protection; Protection and utilizations; Big data 	Cost effectiveness; Motor transportation; Sustainable development; Traffic congestion; Community involvement; Cost-effective methods; Operational functions; Positive potential; Qualitative data analysis; Transportation engineers; Transportation projects; Travel demand management; Surveys Innovative technology; Perceived value; Recommender systems; Resistance; Smart tourism; Sustainable tourism	Korea; Bovine respiratory syncytial virus; competitiveness; cost; ecotourism; equation; industrial enterprise; innovation; modeling; numerical model; paradigm shift; perception; psychology; technological development; technology adoption; tourism development Sustainable tourism; Transylvania; Wine road	Alba; Romania; Transylvania; ecotourism; research method; sustainable development; tourism development; wine industry Constraints; Models; Public infrastructure projects; Public Private Partnership; Tourism	 Big data; Data fusion; Human mobility; Travel demand estimation	China; Guangdong; Shenzhen; Big data; Cellular telephones; Data fusion; Population statistics; Traffic congestion; Urban transportation; High-accuracy; Human mobility; Predictive modeling; Time windows; Traffic jams; Travel demand; Travel demand estimation; Urban population; mobile phone; mobility; numerical model; real time; transportation; travel demand; Predictive analytics Behaviour change; Sustainable mobility; Transportation demand management; Transtheoretical model	 burial site; Gemate; heritage site; sustainability	 Face-to-face professional development; Online community; Online professional learning; Pakistani English teachers	 Exploratory factor analysis; Sustainable tourism; Sustainable tourism indicators	 Central America and the Caribbean; economic development; International ecotourism; panel-data analysis; quantile regression; sustainability indicators	Caribbean Islands; Central America; economic development; ecotourism; environmental economics; Gross Domestic Product; panel data; regression analysis; sustainability Big Data; Business Architecture; Business Model; Cloud Computing; Data Analysis; Process Improvement; Sentiment Analysis; Tourism Sector; Travel Management Process	 Computer science; Innovation; Neural network; Public service; Tourism; Wisdom tourism	Big data; Computer science; Innovation; Neural networks; Transportation; Economy and society; Focus of Attention; Hardware facilities; Public services; Tourism; Tourism development; Tourism management; Wisdom tourism; Planning Open innovation; Social Big Data; Sustainability; Tourism; Tourism destination	Italy; Puglia; digital mapping; ecotourism; innovation; leisure industry; social media; social network; sustainability; tourism; tourism management; tourist destination 	 Diversity; Identification; Importance value; Tree	 Planning; Route optimization; Routing; Traveling salesman problem; Urban freight transport	Data Analytics; Intelligent systems; Optimization; Planning; Transportation routes; Traveling salesman problem; Urban transportation; Vehicles; Adaptive methods; City logistics; Delivery routes; Route optimization; Routing; Routing optimization; Urban freight transport; Variable neighborhood search; Freight transportation 	 	Automation; Energy policy; Intelligent buildings; Sustainable development; Daily lives; Global energy; Information communication technology; Smart homes; Ubiquitous technology; Big data environmentally responsible behavior; place attachment; residents' attitudes; South Carolina; tourism development	South Carolina; United States; Benchmarking; Factor analysis; Sustainable development; Environmentally responsible; place attachment; residents' attitudes; South Carolina; Tourism development; attitudinal survey; ecotourism; environmental values; factor analysis; numerical model; residential satisfaction; sustainable development; tourism development; Planning Community empowerment of mangrove forests; Ecotourism; Mangrove forests	 dynamic panel data model; GMM procedure; non-economic determinants; tourism demand	Malaysia; data interpretation; data set; demand analysis; economic analysis; economic impact; international tourism; panel data; severe acute respiratory syndrome; spatiotemporal analysis 	Carbon Footprint; Conservation of Natural Resources; Dental Care; England; Humans; Primary Health Care; State Dentistry; State Medicine; carbon footprint; dental procedure; dentistry; England; environmental protection; human; national health service; primary health care Ethiopia; Gambella; Marketing; Promotion; Tourism	 Grid; MATLAB; PLC; Simulation; Smart Meters	Carrier transmission on power lines; Electric power transmission networks; Energy policy; Information management; MATLAB; Programmable logic controllers; Smart meters; Communication infrastructure; Communication medium; Connected component; Electricity networks; Electricity supply; Grid; Simulation; Smart Grid Communications; Smart power grids CO<sub>2</sub> emissions; Pooled mean group; Socio-economic development; Sustainable economic growth; Tourism demand	 Commodification; Participation; Sustainable development; Volunteer tourism	 Causality; Computational Social Science; Data analytics; E-commerce; Econometrics; Empirical research; Fintech; Fusion analytics; Music popularity; Policy analytics; Stock trading; TV viewing; Video-on-demand (VoD)	Economics; Elsevier; Statistics Cooking behavior; Cooking classes; Cooking intervention; Culinary skills; Healthy feeding practices; Methodology; Real setting; Study protocol; Sustained impact; University students	Brazil; Cooking; Dietetics; Feeding Behavior; Food; Fruit; Health Education; Health Knowledge, Attitudes, Practice; Health Promotion; Healthy Diet; Humans; Nutritional Physiological Phenomena; Nutritional Sciences; Students; Universities; Vegetables; adult; body mass; controlled study; cooking; data analysis; eating; feeding; follow up; fruit; human; major clinical study; market; outcome assessment; randomized controlled trial; register; self concept; skill; United States; university student; vegetable; attitude to health; Brazil; cooking; dietetics; education; feeding behavior; food; fruit; health education; health promotion; healthy diet; nutrition; nutritional science; procedures; student; university Autonomous driving; Driver workload; ex ante routing; Geospatial data; Social sustainability; Vehicle routing	 Expectation; Perception; Satisfaction; Sustainability in tourism education	ecotourism; higher education; institutional framework; multiple regression; perception; questionnaire survey; social change; student; sustainability Data; Innovation; International cooperation; Research; Science; SDGs	 Big data; Geotagged photos; Smart city; Smart tourism; Social networks; Sustainability	Lisboa [Portugal]; Lisbon; Portugal; data set; digitization; information and communication technology; Internet; photograph; smart city; social media; social network; spatial distribution; sustainability; tourist behavior; tourist destination; urban area City hubs; Environment; Intermodal transportation; Sustainability; Urban mobility; Urban planning	 Environmental commitment; Environmental hotel profiles; Environmental management practices	Alps; Italy; Italy; Trentino-Alto Adige; Trento; alpine environment; environmental management; hotel industry; investment; management practice; stakeholder; sustainability; tourist destination 	Cultivation; Ecology; Agricultural land; Eco-tourisms; Field observations; Green belts; Public participation; Quality control big data; congestion; context-aware computing; intelligent traffic management system; smart city; smart mobility; smart transportation	Data Analytics; Smart city; Traffic control; World Wide Web; Context-Aware; Different stages; Intelligent traffic management; Living standards; Real-time information; Safety and securities; Traffic management; Traffic management systems; Information management Decision tree; Evolutionary game theory; Incentive; Intelligent transportation system	Behavioral research; Decision theory; Decision trees; Intelligent systems; Intelligent vehicle highway systems; MATLAB; Motor transportation; Smart city; Transportation; Transportation routes; Evolutionary game theory; Incentive; Intelligent traffic systems; Intelligent transportation systems; Matlab simulations; Traffic conditions; Transport authorities; Travel information; article; article; cooperation; cooperation; data analysis software; data analysis software; decision tree; decision tree; game; game; simulation; simulation; travel; travel; Game theory comparison; Indonesia; learning outcomes; Team games tournament; Thailand	Economic and social effects; Planning; Sustainable development; comparison; Indonesia; Learning outcome; Team games; Thailand; Students Managed tourism; Mauritius; Sustainable tourism	 	Bus terminals; Bus transportation; Cost benefit analysis; Digital storage; Education; Smartphones; Transportation; Transportation routes; Ubiquitous computing; Urban transportation; Wireless telecommunication systems; Educational environment; Internet of thing (IOT); New applications; Transit systems; United States of America; University campus; Urban transportation systems; Wireless technologies; Internet of things Affecting; Environmental friendly hotel; Key factor; Nationalities; Tourist	 Bali; Educational medium; Indonesia; Kuta; Preservation of natural environment; Sustainable tourism; Tourist area of canggu; Tumpek Uduh	 Big data; Crowdsourced geographic information; Cycling; Strava; Street level	Adolescent; Adult; Aged; Bicycling; Cities; Environment; Environment Design; Female; Humans; Male; Middle Aged; Scotland; Young Adult; Glasgow [Glasgow (ADS)]; Glasgow [Scotland]; Scotland; United Kingdom; automobile; crowdsourcing; cycle transport; data set; travel behavior; urban transport; behavior; cyclist; employment; human; human experiment; population density; recreation; residential area; traffic accident; travel; adolescent; adult; aged; city; cycling; environment; environmental planning; female; male; middle aged; Scotland; statistics and numerical data; young adult CNN; RNN; Traffic Passenger Flows Prediction; Urban Computing	Big data; Deep learning; Economics; Forecasting; Smart city; Trusted computing; Ubiquitous computing; Urban transportation; Classification tasks; Passenger flows; Prediction accuracy; Traffic characteristics; Traffic flow prediction; Transportation management; Transportation sector; Urban computing; Traffic congestion Aesthetic fatigue; Chinese traditional garden; EEG data; EEG test technology	aesthetic fatigue; Article; brain function; China; Chinese traditional garden; correlation analysis; data analysis; electroencephalography; fatigue; female; human; human experiment; humble administrators garden; information processing; lingering garden; lion grove garden; male; mathematical model; normal human; observational study; perception; surging wave pavilion; traditional medicine Destination management; Quality of life; Responsible tourism; Sustainability; Tourism	 Behavior theories; Cycling; Determinants; Logic model; Pathway diagram; Walking	Bicycling; Choice Behavior; Environment; Health Promotion; Humans; Socioeconomic Factors; Transportation; Walking; cycling; decision making; environment; health promotion; human; procedures; socioeconomics; traffic and transport; walking adaptive technology; communities; connectivity; ITS; mobility; roads; smart cities; Smart Roads; transportation; travel demand management	Road and street markings; Roads and streets; Adaptive technology; Community; Connectivity; ITS; Mobility; New age; On-demand informations; Road; Smart road; Travel demand management; Smart city 	 Apulia; Big data; Regional development; Smart destination; Smart specialization; Smart tourism	 Analytics tools; Data processing; Open big data sources; Prediction; Sustainable urban mobility	Big data; Data handling; Data processing; Forecasting; Global positioning system; Personal computers; Population statistics; Software radio; Analytics tools; Gps (global positioning system); International transport; Population densities; Software-defined radios; Technological development; Transportation system; Urban mobility; Urban transportation Nakhon Chaisri; Nakhon Pathom Province; Pomelo; Production process; Supply chain management; Tourism	 Bike sharing; MNL model; RP & SP survey; Sharing rate	Bicycles; Investments; Multimodal transportation; Software testing; Surveys; Bike sharing; Investment policies; Multi-modal transportation systems; Stated preference surveys; Statistical software; Transport mode choices; Transportation system; Travel choice behaviors; Modal analysis 	Accidents; Behavioral research; Commuter trains; Data collection method; Internal variables; Passenger safety; Safety improvement; Safety indicator; Structural equation modeling; Traveling safety; Sustainable development Destination loyalty; PLS technique; Rural tourism; Sustainability; Tourism management; Tourism marketing	 Boat; Crowding; Humpback whale; Satisfaction; Tourist	 Big Data; Big ETL; Interoperability; ITS; Web Interfaces	Big data; Costs; Data handling; Decision making; Economics; Intelligent systems; Motor transportation; Roads and streets; Toll highways; Traffic congestion; User interfaces; Websites; Application scenario; Big extract, transform and load; Congestion pricing; Data processing pipelines; ITS; Load data; National roads; Road network; Travel-time; Web interface; Travel time Smart City; Smart Homeland; Smart Strategy and Action plan; Spatial Information	Big data; Disaster prevention; Disasters; Economics; Environmental technology; Planning; Regional planning; Smart city; Sustainable development; Traffic control; Urban growth; Action plan; Environment monitoring; Environmental sustainability; Information development; Regional economic growths; Smart Homeland; Spatial information technologies; Spatial informations; Information management Destination image; Perceived sustainability; Perceived value; Tourist satisfaction; Visit experience	 Liaoning province; Smart village; tourism industry; traditional village	Big data; Distributed computer systems; Planning; Smart city; Electronic information; Government guidances; Innovation strategy; Intelligent decisions; Liaoning Province; Smart village; Tourism industry; traditional village; Rural areas China; Living environment; Spatial structure; Tourism development; Traditional house	Anhui; China; Hexian; building; governance approach; housing conditions; lifestyle; living standard; questionnaire survey; resident population; spatial analysis; sustainable development; tourism development Bricolage; Co-creation; Dark tourism; Entrepreneurial marketing; Ghost tours; Qualitative research	 crowdsourcing geospatial data; exploratory spatial data analysis; popularity of tourist attractions; tourism crowding; urban tourism	China; Shanghai; crowdsourcing; exploitation; questionnaire survey; spatial analysis; sustainability; sustainable development; tourism development; tourist attraction; tourist destination; urban area Knowledge Transfer; Passenger Flow; Prediction Model	Forecasting; Knowledge management; Smart cards; Taxicabs; Anomaly predictions; Knowledge transfer; Learning models; Limited training data; Passenger flows; Prediction model; Sustainable public transports; Travel patterns; Big data Geospatial Big Data; Geospatially-Enabled Personal Trip Data; Spatial Distribution Patterns; Time Spent; Trip Purposes	 Hydrochemical processes; Ion ratios; Mineral water; PHREEQC; Statistical analysis; Water–rock interaction	China; Heilongjiang; Wudalianchi; Wudalianchi National Park; Beverages; Chemical analysis; Hydrochemistry; Mineral springs; Multivariant analysis; Statistical methods; Water supply; Anthropogenic activity; Field investigation; Hydrochemical evolution; Hydrochemical process; Mineral water; Multivariate statistical method; PHREEQC; Rock interaction; adsorption; bicarbonate; groundwater-surface water interaction; human activity; hydrochemistry; ion exchange; statistical analysis; UNESCO; water supply; water-rock interaction; Minerals Big data; Geographic information system; Plant resources; Wetland tourism	Big data; Digital storage; Ecology; Forestry; Geographic information systems; Information systems; Metadata; Optimal systems; Strategic planning; Sustainable development; Wetlands; Biological resources; Eco-tourism areas; Ecological environments; Plant resources; Scientific analysis; Scientific development; Spatial analysis; Tourism development; Planning Depression; Mobbing; Personality; Sustainable education; Sustainable tourism education	academic performance; ecotourism; education; environmental history; global perspective; learning; mental health; mobbing; perception; questionnaire survey; regression analysis; student; sustainability; teaching Benefits; Community attachment; Community involvement; Partial least squares; Tourism sustainability	 Confirmatory factor analysis; Indicators; Mobile assessment tool; Sustainable creative tourism	 Causal relationships; Design; Mode choice modeling; Personal traits; Population density; Street network integration	Italy; Lazio; Roma [Lazio]; Rome; Approximation theory; Design; Population distribution; Population dynamics; Population statistics; Sustainable development; Causal relationships; Mode choice models; Personal traits; Population densities; Street network; discrete choice analysis; integrated approach; network analysis; population density; transportation mode; travel behavior; Urban transportation Global Public Good; Level Playing Field; Online Service Provider; Private Entrepreneur; Public Good	 Eco-efficiency; Emissions; Energy; Innovation; Natural resources; Sustainability	 GPS data; Metropolitan; Temporal and spatial distribution characteristics; Travel circuity; Urban travel	China; Guangdong; Guangzhou; GPS; metropolitan area; public transport; road transport; spatial distribution; temporal distribution; travel time; urban transport Competitiveness; India; Policy planning; Sustainability; Tourism industry	 	Behavioral research; Engineering research; Intelligent systems; Monte Carlo methods; Rural areas; Bayesian statistics; Big Data Analytics; Data analysis models; Domestic travel; Graphical format; Multiple points; Public awareness; Research purpose; Big data Culture; Descriptive Survey Method; Identity; Phenomenon; User Activity	Architecture; Cell culture; Iterative methods; Knowledge based systems; Regional planning; Surveys; Sustainable development; Urban planning; Architectural theory; Descriptive survey method; Identity; Phenomenon; Qualitative research methods; Space transformations; Theoretical framework; User activity; Architectural design Data analysis; Smart city; Star-rated hotels; Three northeast provinces	Competition; Data handling; Data reduction; Hotels; Information analysis; Intelligent systems; Stars; Competitive advantage; Dynamic changes; Market operation; Operating revenues; Operation strategy; Research object; Three northeast provinces; Tourism development; Smart city analytics; big data; performance; supply chain; technology orientation; Tourism	 Economic growth; International tourism receipts; Second generation panel data analysis; Sustainability of economic growth	 Big Data; Data Mining; Decision Support System; Public Transport; Sustainable Mobility	Artificial intelligence; Data mining; Decision support systems; Intelligent systems; Intelligent vehicle highway systems; Investments; Mass transportation; Transportation; Urban planning; Urban transportation; Decision support system (dss); Methodological frameworks; Public transport; Public transport service; Public transport systems; Public transportation; Sustainable mobility; Transportation system; Big data Community; Malaysia; Place-making; Sustainability; Tourism	 Agriculture; GIS; Modelling; Subak; Sustainable	Agriculture; Data visualization; Food supply; Geographic information systems; Irrigation; Land use; Maps; Models; Spatial variables measurement; Classification models; Digital elevation model; Geographical locations; Infrastructure development; Numerical classification; Subak; Sustainable; Watershed morphology; Numerical models Geodetector; Satisfaction; Spatial differentiation; Tourism big data; Tourist traffic	 	Community involvement; Community participation; Multipurpose reservoirs; Public participation; Spatial arrangements; Sustainable tourism development; Tourism development; Tourist attractions; Sustainable development sustainable destination management; theory of planned behavior; waste reduction; Youth tourism	 and sustainable development; Residential Choice; travel distance	Costs; Fuel oils; Houses; Location; Planning; Data analysis techniques; House prices; Primary data; Private vehicles; Research approach; Residential Choice; Structural equation modeling; Travel distance; Sustainable development 	Agricultural runoff; Agriculture; Eutrophication; Fertilizers; Information systems; Information use; Land use; Sustainable development; Agricultural practices; Economic impacts; Laboratory analysis; Local community; Long-term period; Quantitative techniques; Sediment samples; Tourism activities; Lakes Bikeshare systems; Data analytics; Origin-destination (O-D) flows; Urban mobility	District of Columbia; United States; Washington [District of Columbia]; cycle transport; data management; decision support system; stakeholder; sustainability; transportation development; travel behavior; travel demand; urban transport Digital revolution; Industrial revolution; Technology; Tourism	 Combat trauma; Joint Trauma System; Process improvement; Quality improvement; Trauma systems	 Green crab; Integrodifference equations; Mathematical model; Travelling waves	Carcinus maenas Conjoint analysis; Consumer behaviour decision making; Corporate social environmental responsibility; Corporate social responsibility; Cruise ship tourism; Environmental stewardship	 Ecotourism participation; Environmental knowledge; Social interactions; Structural equation modeling (SEM)	 Bicycle sharing systems; Big data; Geospatial analysis; Mobility analysis; Smart city	Bicycles; Complex networks; Decision making; Civil engineering infrastructures; Complex correlation; Decision making process; Geo-spatial analysis; Infocommunications; Socio-economic systems; Sustainable solution; Transportation network; Data Sharing Event greening; Event management; Event touris; Green event	 Coastal type; Coastal zone resources; Environmental protection; Qinhuangdao city; Resources development	Environmental protection; Natural resources; Coastal resources; Coastal type; Existing problems; Functional areas; Qinhuangdao city; Resources development; Resources environments; Social and environmental; Coastal zones collaborative filtering; mobile charging; renewable energy; user speed patterns; wind-power	Data Analytics; Wind power; Analytics systems; Assistance system; Design and implementations; Mobile charging; Renewable energies; Renewable wind energy; Speed patterns; Travel analysis; Collaborative filtering Green attitudes; Green hotels; Intention to pay a premium	 HBIM; Historical paths; Sensors; Smart indicators; Sustainable developments	 Big data; Circuity; GPS data; Road network analysis; Travel demand modeling	Big data; Global positioning system; Motor transportation; Population statistics; Roads and streets; Traffic control; Transportation; Transportation routes; Urban growth; Circuity; Economic development; GPS data; Road network analysis; Traffic characteristics; Transport problems; Travel demand modeling; Urban transport systems; Article; case study; China; city planning; global positioning system; highway; land use; motor vehicle; priority journal; traffic and transport; urban area; velocity; Urban transportation Attitude; Environment; Green hotel; Knowledge; Perceived behavioural control; Subjective norm	 Geotourism; Mountain conservation; Sustainable development; Sustainable tourism; Volcanoes	Bromo Tengger Semeru National Park; East Java; East Java; Indonesia; anthropogenic effect; biodiversity; community development; conservation; ecotourism; environmental impact; geotourism; mountain region; protected area; sustainable development; tourism development; upland region; volcano Carbon; Greenhouse gases; Service management; Service redesign; Sustainability	Carbon Footprint; Cost Savings; Delivery of Health Care; Great Britain; Health Planning; Humans; Models, Theoretical; Patient Preference; carbon; carbon footprint; decision support system; emission control; greenhouse gas; health care; health services; human resource; planning process; service provision; sustainability; Article; carbon footprint; cost control; data analysis; decision support system; environmental management; health care need; health care planning; health care quality; health care utilization; health program; medical information; patient care; patient decision making; patient transport; probability; program effectiveness; public health service; quality control procedures; resource management; statistical model; economics; health care delivery; health care planning; human; organization and management; patient preference; theoretical model; United Kingdom Big data; Planning and management; Public transit; Review; Traffic control and intelligent transportation system; Traffic design; Traffic engineering; Traffic safety	Accident prevention; Advanced public transportation systems; Advanced traffic management systems; Big data; Cellular telephone systems; Crashworthiness; Facilities; Highway administration; Highway planning; Highway traffic control; Information management; Intelligent systems; Intelligent vehicle highway systems; License plates (automobile); Mass transportation; Motor transportation; Optical character recognition; Parking; Reviews; Roads and streets; Safety engineering; Traffic control; Traffic signals; Traffic surveys; Transportation; Urban transportation; Vehicle locating systems; Vehicles; Intelligent transportation systems; Public transit; Traffic design; Traffic Engineering; Traffic safety; Street traffic control Accessibility; Big data; GIS; Graph database; High-resolution spatial analysis; Public transport	 Auto leasing; Share economy; Taxi; Time-sharing lease; Urban traffic	Big data; Information management; Internet; Mass transportation; Motor transportation; Real time systems; Taxicabs; Transportation; Urban transportation; Vehicles; Auto leasing; Share economy; Taxi; Time-sharing; Urban traffic; Traffic congestion Data analysis; Evidence based decision making; Targeted analysis; Travel behaviour change; TravelSmart	Data handling; Data reduction; Decision making; Gas emissions; Greenhouse gases; Information analysis; Motor transportation; Sustainable development; Traffic congestion; Behaviour changes; Community perceptions; Demographic trends; Department of transports; Evidence- based decisions; Targeted analysis; Travel behaviour; TravelSmart; Behavioral research Exploratory data analysis; Indicators; Italy; Rural communities; Soil degradation	Agriculture; Compaction; Crops; Data handling; Deforestation; Economics; Indicators (instruments); Information analysis; Land use; Population statistics; Risk assessment; Rural areas; Soil mechanics; Soils; Environmental variables; Exploratory data analysis; Italy; Rural community; Socio-ecological systems; Socio-economic indicators; Soil degradation; Sustainable land managements; compaction; data acquisition; environmental factor; human activity; land management; Mediterranean environment; socioeconomic impact; socioeconomic indicator; soil degradation; spatial distribution; vulnerability; Soil conservation attributes; certification; importance-performance analysis; sustainable tourism; visitor perception; Wet Tropics World Heritage Area	Australia; Queensland; certification; ecotourism; perception; tourism management; World Heritage Site big data; explanation; nudge; prediction; volunteer tourism	academic research; data assimilation; prediction; sustainability; tourism development; tourism management; visualization North Cyprus; Rural areas; Sustainable tourism	 Education; Hands-on learning; Study abroad; Technology; Travel course	Agriculture; Education; Engineering education; History; Surveys; Sustainable development; Teaching; Technology; Engineering colleges; Enhancing student learning; Hands-on learning; International perspective; International projects; Iowa State University; Study abroad; Travel course; Students Big data; Cloud computing; Sentiment analysis; Tourism sector; Travel management process	Big data; Cloud computing; Decision making; Knowledge engineering; Sentiment analysis; Social networking (online); Data-source; Management process; Prediction model; Predictive modeling; Small and medium-sized enterprise; Tourism sectors; Tourist destinations; Travel packages; Knowledge management 	 Attitude; Cox’s Bazar; Domestic tourism; Domestic tourist; Responsible tourism management; Triple bottom line	 methods: data analysis; methods: observational; techniques: image processing; techniques: spectroscopic; telescopes	 Community-based tourism; People participation; Sustainable tourism development	 Natural Language Processing; Sentiment Analysis; Social Media; Sustainable Urban Transport; Transportation; Urban mobility	 	 Community based ecotourism; Environmental conservation; Ethiopia; Livelihood diversification	 best-worst scaling (BWS); clusters; perceived value; services market segments	 	Cities; Efficiency, Organizational; Models, Statistical; Politics; Population Density; Refuse Disposal; Regression Analysis; Socioeconomic Factors; Spain; Waste Management; Spain; Data envelopment analysis; Economics; Efficiency; Estimation; Population statistics; Refuse collection; Street cleaning; Sustainable development; Categorical variables; Comparative index; Data collection; Double bootstraps; Economic activities; Economic development; Environmental factors; Environmental sustainability; Per capita income; Public health; Public streets; Quantitative analysis; Robust efficiency; Two stage; Urban population; Waste management systems; cleanup; data envelopment analysis; municipal solid waste; refuse; regression analysis; service provision; waste management; algorithm; article; bootstrapping; cleaning; data analysis; economic aspect; environmental factor; income; municipal solid waste; population density; priority journal; solid waste management; street cleaning; tourism; urban population; waste disposal; Waste disposal Innovation; Slovenia; Social responsibility; Sustainable development; Systems approach; Tourism	 Direct expenditures; Leisure tourism; New orleans; Sustainability; Volunteer tourism; Voluntourism	 	 Customer satisfaction; Marketing ethics; Tourism industry	demand analysis; ethics; marketing; safety; tourism economics; tourism management Region transformation; Regional development; Regional projects; Spatial values	Intelligent buildings; Regional planning; Sustainable development; Corrective measures; Economic transformation; Region transformation; Regional development; Regional projects; Spatial transformation; Spatial values; Statistical data analysis; Coal mines Big data; Human centered design; Intelligent transportation system; Road design; Smart city	 Belgium; Carpool; Commuting; Mobility management; Multilevel modelling	Belgium; commuting; mobility; regression analysis; spatial data; sustainable development; travel behavior; workplace accident; injury event; injury object; partial least square discriminant analysis; principal components analysis; railway	 Extreme weather patterns; Pacific Islands; Sustainable tourism; Tourism and economic growth; Tourism strategies	Australia; Japan; New Zealand; United States; economic growth; economic impact; ecotourism; employment; extreme event; Gross Domestic Product; income; sustainability; tourism economics; tropical cyclone Data analysis; Green IS; Maritime informatics; Sustainability	Automatic identification; Carbon; Data reduction; Fossil fuels; Information systems; Information use; Ships; Sustainable development; Tourism industry; Automatic identification system; Carbon emissions; Commercial shipping; Commercial vessels; Digital collaborations; Energy consumer; Global shipping; Green is; Green manufacturing China; CO<sub>2</sub> emissions from transportation; Influencing factors; Panel data; Two-way fixed effect model	China; carbon dioxide; carbon emission; panel data; socioeconomic impact; traffic emission; transportation development; urban area 	Data communication systems; Information services; Sensors; Big data; Data communication systems; Decision making; Information science; Information services; City council; Information access; Knowledge database; Local authorities; Physical sensors; Retrieval models; Sensing devices; Social sensors; Smart cities; Information retrieval; Information retrieval 	 	 Image processing; Land use; Waterline extraction; Web application	Antennas; Climate change; Coastal zones; Economics; Extraction; Geographic information systems; Information management; Information systems; Information use; Land use; System theory; Aerial images; Automatic extraction; Economic growths; Image processing technique; Spatial data analysis; Surface area; Tourist destinations; WEB application; Image processing active sport event travel career; Active sport tourism; cycling tourism; event and destination management; travel conditions	 Assessing indicators; Empirical study; Sustainable community; Transporting	Beijing [China]; China; assessment method; empirical analysis; environmental impact; mobility; parking; public transport; questionnaire survey; suburban area; sustainable development; urban area; urban development; urban planning Belize; Ethnographic research; Resource recovery; Sustainable wastewater management; Tourism development; Water-energy nexus	Behavioral research; Health risks; Recovery; Research and development management; Risk perception; Sustainable development; Water resources; Belize; Resource recovery; Tourism development; Wastewater management; Water energy; Decision making 	 Commuting mode choice; Nested logit; Panel data analysis; Transportation demand management (tdm)	Alberta; Canada; Edmonton; Data reduction; Mathematical models; Motor transportation; Parks; Planning; Car use; Edmonton , Alberta; Empirical investigation; In-depth analysis; Mode choice; Nested logit; Nested logit model; Panel data; Public transit; Survey data; Transportation demand management (tdm); Transportation planning; Travel behaviour; Travel demand management; automobile; data set; logit analysis; sustainability; transportation planning; travel demand; Behavioral research Destination image; Local community QOL; Sustainable tourism development	 	 Human activity; Impact analysis; Land use/cover change; Trajectory data analysis	China; Guangxi Zhuangzu; Li River; algorithm; anthropogenic effect; data set; GPS; human activity; land cover; land use; nature-society relations; network analysis; river basin; river flow; spatial distribution; spatial resolution; sustainability; trajectory DBSCAN; GPS; Trajectory data analysis; Trip detection; Uncertainty	 Cave of bue marino; CO<sub>2</sub>; Policies for sustainable management; Sardinia; Tourism carrying capacity (TCC)	Italy; Sardinia; biodiversity; carbon dioxide; ecotourism; environmental economics; policy approach; sustainability; tourism; tourism development Agriculture; Croatia; Rural tourism; Sustainability; Tradition	 Candle festival; Community participation; Conserve; Ubon ratchathani	 Cultural heritage; Decision support; Evaluation framework; Market evaluation	Decision making; Economics; Information management; Public policy; Regional planning; Sustainable development; Basic data analysis; Cultural heritages; Decision support software; Decision supports; Evaluation framework; Market evaluation; Policy implications; Statistical algorithm; Decision support systems Data analytics; Information integration; Linked data; Statistical data; Visual dashboard	 	 Change management; Collective case study; Human factors; Organisational sustainability; Tourism; Turkey	Turkey; collective action; communication; human activity; implementation process; organizational framework; sustainability; tourism development; tourism management Age; Gender; Surveys; Travel behavior; Travel characteristics	 Air tramportation; Demand environmental; Green technology; Sustainable development; Transport	 Bus Rapid Transit; Evidence-based planning; Flow-comap; Smart card data	Australia; Brisbane; Queensland; bus transport; infrastructure planning; public transport; spatiotemporal analysis; transportation planning; travel behavior; urban transport; visualization Higher tourism education; Strategic alliance; Sustainable competitive advantage	 Destination performance; Ecotourism destination; Mana Pools; Off season; Peak season; Tourism seasonality	 Integrated planning and management; Meta-synthesis; Sustainability of cultural heritage; Sustainable integration of heritage and tourism; Sustainable tourism	cultural heritage; heritage tourism; participatory approach; planning method; sustainability; tourism management; tourist destination 	Economics; Motor transportation; Roads and streets; Smart cards; Traffic congestion; Transportation routes; Box and Whisker plots; Brisbane , Australia; Central business districts; Public transportation networks; Sustainable strategies; Sustainable transport planning; Transport infrastructure; Transportation network; Population statistics Big data; Internet of things; Smart cities; Smart mobility; Sustainable mobility; Taxi	Advanced Analytics; Big data; Data Analytics; Decision making; Door to door service (freight); Internet of things; Metadata; Population statistics; Smart city; Taxicabs; Tourism industry; Autonomous driving; Data availability; Internet of thing (IOT); Mobility systems; Sustainable mobility; Taxi; Transportation decision making; Transportation system; Urban transportation Arctic destinations; Cultural preservation; Environmental protection; Sustainability; Tourism stakeholders	Scandinavia; environmental protection; heritage tourism; stakeholder; sustainability; sustainable development; tourism development; tourism market Big Data Analytics; Internet of Things; Smart and Connected Communities; Smart Cities; Smart Tourism; Sustainable Cultural Heritage	Big data; Internet; Real time control; Community IS; Cultural heritages; Cyber physicals; Data analytics; Internet of Things (IOT); Smart cities; Smart Tourism; Ubiquitous networks; Internet of things Environment sustainability; Perceived economic benefits; Perceived residents’ quality of life; Perceived social costs; Seasonal factor	 Car-sharing; Gamification; Road-sensing; Sustainable travel; User-engagement	Behavioral research; Crowdsourcing; Decision making; Roads and streets; Citizen participation; Collective intelligences; Development approach; Gamification; Innovative strategies; Road-sensing; Sustainable travel; User engagement; Big data Big data analysis; Customer complaint process improvement; Customer complaint service	Taichung; Taiwan; administrative system; bus transport; data interpretation; governance approach; optimization; public sector; public transport; service provision; service quality; sustainability; sustainable development; telecommunication; visualization Coastal ecosystem; Ecological security; Land use evolution; Silver Beach	Beaches; Big data; Ecology; Ecosystems; Environmental protection; Forestry; Image reconstruction; Remote sensing; Research and development management; Silver; Sustainable development; Wetlands; Coastal ecosystems; Development management; Ecological security; Ecological service values; Ecological services; Ecosystem structure; Planning management; Remote sensing images; Land use Commuting mode choice; Nested logit; Panel data analysis; Transportation demand management (TDM)	Alberta; Canada; Edmonton; Data reduction; Mathematical models; Motor transportation; Parks; Planning; Car use; Edmonton , Alberta; Empirical investigation; In-depth analysis; Mode choice; Nested logit; Nested logit model; Panel data; Panel data analysis; Public transit; Survey data; Transportation demand management; Transportation planning; Travel behaviour; Travel demand management; automobile; commuting; data set; empirical analysis; logit analysis; sustainability; transportation planning; travel demand; Behavioral research Economic indexes; Hospitality industry; Iran; Rural development; Sustainable development; Tourism	 Community support; Destination competitiveness; Environmental components; Local communities; Malaysia; Rural tourism destination	 GPS-tracking; Park and protected area management; Recreation ecology; Recreation resource impacts; Visitor acceptability	Colorado; Conservation of Natural Resources; Ecology; Geographic Information Systems; Humans; Recreation; Bear Lake; Colorado; Rocky Mountain National Park; United States; ecological impact; ecotourism; GPS; national park; park management; recreational development; resource availability; sustainability; tourist attraction; tourist destination; tracking; article; data analysis; decision making; environmental impact assessment; environmental management; environmental protection; glacier; global positioning system; human; lake; national park; resource management; sociology; tourism; United States; vegetation; walking; ecology; environmental protection; geographic information system; recreation Green Enviornment; Peer Car Pooling; Smart System; Sustainable Mobility	Fuel economy; Fuels; High occupancy vehicle lanes; Motor transportation; Students; Sustainable development; Traffic congestion; Vehicles; Car pooling; Environmental pollutions; Green Enviornment; Green environments; Number of vehicles; Smart System; Sustainable mobility; Transportation facilities; Big data Asia; Attitudes; Bangladesh; Cox’s Bazar; Domestic tourists; Quantitative study; Responsible tourism; Responsible tourism management; Social responsibility; Sustainable tourism	 alternative funding mechanisms; ecosystem services; nature-based tourism; protected areas	biodiversity; conservation management; developing world; ecosystem management; ecosystem service; ecotourism; environmental economics; finance; government; land tenure; protected area; regulatory framework; sustainability; willingness to pay Geographic information system; Potential surface analysis; Satellite data	Geographic information systems; Remote sensing; Satellites; Surface analysis; Analytical techniques; Classification approach; Effective management; GIS technology; Object based; Physical data; Physical database; Planning applications; Potential surfaces; Satellite data; Study areas; Sustainable tourism; Thailand; Urban areas; Urban expansion; Urban sprawl; Urban planning Albania; Student's perception; Sustainable tourism development	 Big data analytics; Internet of Things; Smart and connected communities; Smart cities; Smart tourism; Sustainable cultural heritage	Article; computer security; conceptual framework; data analysis; feasibility study; information processing; Internet; Internet of Things; mathematical computing; mobile phone; Smart and Associated Communities; urban population measurement invariance; multigroup confirmatory factor analysis; protected areas; sustainable tourism; tourism stakeholders	Annapurna Conservation Area; Chitwan National Park; Gandaki; Narayani; Nepal; ecotourism; factor analysis; protected area; stakeholder; sustainability; sustainable development; tourism development; tourism market Carbon-based environmental assessment; Greening pedagogical design with ICTs; Sustainable higher education teaching models	Curricula; Digital storage; Distance education; Ecodesign; Education; Education computing; Energy utilization; Environmental impact; Sustainable development; Classification of teachings; Data gathering and analysis; Distance education systems; Environmental assessment; Environmental sustainability; Information and Communication Technologies; Pedagogical designs; Residential energy consumption; Teaching Developing countries; Expert opinions; Governance; Institutional barriers; SUWM	Developing countries; Research; Societies and institutions; Development agencies; Expert opinion; Governance; In-depth interviews; Institutional aspects; Institutional barriers; Local government; Potential solutions; Semi-structured; Skills development; Social research; SUWM; Technical barriers; Urban context; Urban water management; Vanuatu; Water management Air travel; Airlines; Corporate social responsibility; Reporting; Sustainability	air transportation; airline industry; emission control; environmental issue; industrial policy; industrial practice; policy implementation; qualitative analysis; sustainability Big data; Internet of Things; Smart cities; Smart mobility; Sustainable mobility; Taxi	 Belgium; Census; Commuting; Location policy; Mobility policy; Spatial planning	Belgium; Brussels [Belgium]; Flanders; cluster analysis; commuting; mobility; public transport; spatial planning; sustainability; transportation policy Cross-border workers; Functional integration; Logistic regression; Mobility; Mode choice; Sustainable travel mode	Carrier mobility; Data handling; Functional analysis; Regression analysis; Cross-border; Functional integration; Logistic regressions; Mode choice; Travel modes; Integral equations 	Adult; Female; Focus Groups; Health Status; Humans; Iran; Lakes; Leisure Activities; Male; Social Determinants of Health; Socioeconomic Factors; Urban Population; Urban Renewal; adult; female; health status; human; information processing; Iran; lake; leisure; male; policy; procedures; social determinants of health; socioeconomics; urban population environmental impact; ICT; LCA methodology; video-conference	Big data; Environmental impact; Sustainable development; Commercial settings; Corporate-sustainability; Direct emissions; Ict capabilities; LCA methodology; Operating models; Remote collaboration tools; Sustainable practices; Video conferencing Incentives; Intelligent transport system; Mobility behaviour; Smart cities	Big data; Classification (of information); Intelligent systems; Multimodal transportation; Sustainable development; Traffic control; Transportation; European Countries; Incentives; Individual mobility; Intelligent transport systems; Proof of concept; Smart cities; Social network services; Travel behaviour; Urban transportation 	Competition; Data mining; Big data applications; Data analytics; Healthcare industry; Large volumes; Organizational performance; Privacy and security; Sustainable competitive advantages; Tourism and hospitality industries; Big data city dynamics; human behavior; mobile phone data; social media data	 international; sport for development; sustainable tourism; volunteer tourism; volunteers	 Friendships; Personal mobility; Social networks; Work travel	Sweden; labor mobility; lifestyle; social network; spatial analysis; travel behavior; travel demand 	article; Caribbean Islands; computer system; data analysis; endemic disease; epidemic; incidence; Internet; laboratory automation; prevalence; United States Jiuzhaigou national park; Marketing; National park; Postdisaster	 	Aged; Aged, 80 and over; Attitude to Health; Female; Focus Groups; Health Policy; Health Services Accessibility; Health Services Needs and Demand; Humans; Interviews as Topic; Male; Middle Aged; Rural Population; Scotland; aged; article; attitude to health; female; health care delivery; health care policy; health service; human; information processing; interview; male; middle aged; rural population; United Kingdom 	GIS; planning method; tourism management 	accessibility; benchmarking; GIS; pedestrianization; safety; social inclusion; urban area; urban design; urban transport; visualization Conflict; Cooperation; Hilltribe; Tourism	 	Cardiovascular Diseases; Humans; Obesity; Outcome and Process Assessment (Health Care); Overweight; Research Design; United States; Weight Loss; clinical research; data analysis; feeding behavior; health behavior; health program; human; information processing; Internet; lifestyle modification; obesity; patient attitude; patient care; patient compliance; physical activity; priority journal; process design; process monitoring; review; social behavior; social support; support group; treatment duration; Weight Loss Maintenance Trial; weight reduction Fascia; Injection laryngoplasty; Vocal fold augmentation; Vocal fold paralysis	Adult; Aged; Fascia; Female; Follow-Up Studies; Humans; Injections, Intralesional; Laryngoscopy; Male; Middle Aged; Probability; Prospective Studies; Risk Assessment; Severity of Illness Index; Speech Acoustics; Statistics, Nonparametric; Surgical Procedures, Minimally Invasive; Tissue Transplantation; Transplantation, Autologous; Treatment Outcome; Video Recording; Vocal Cord Paralysis; Voice Quality; adult; aged; article; autotransplantation; clinical article; correlation analysis; data analysis; female; human; injection; larynx; larynx disorder; male; phonation; priority journal; statistical significance; stroboscopy; videorecording; vocal cord paralysis; voice 	Air pollution control; Data reduction; Decision making; Ecology; Ecosystems; Exergy; Greenhouse effect; Project management; Public policy; Remote sensing; Strategic planning; Wine; Ecological footprint; Policy makers; Sustainability maps; Wine production; Sustainable development Dynamic visualization; GIS; Network analysis; Regional planning; Time-space behaviour	 	Adult; Female; Health Promotion; Humans; Male; Middle Aged; Monitoring, Ambulatory; New South Wales; Walking; adult; age distribution; aged; article; data analysis; follow up; health behavior; health education; human; interview; normal human; physical activity; risk assessment; self report; theoretical study; walking 	Attitude of Health Personnel; Education, Medical, Undergraduate; Female; Humans; International Educational Exchange; Male; Qualitative Research; Questionnaires; Students, Medical; article; female; health personnel attitude; human; international cooperation; male; medical education; medical student; organization and management; psychological aspect; qualitative research; questionnaire; standard Agricultural; All-terrain vehicle; Quad bike; Recreational; Risk	Accidents, Traffic; Adolescent; Adult; Aged; Female; Humans; Male; Middle Aged; Off-Road Motor Vehicles; Queensland; Rural Population; Safety; Wounds and Injuries; Young Adult; adolescent; adult; age distribution; agriculture; arm injury; article; Australia; clinical article; commercial phenomena; data analysis; demography; driver; female; head and neck injury; helmet; hospital patient; human; law; male; multiple trauma; priority journal; recreation; risk factor; rural area; sex ratio; traffic accident; travel 	Asia; Eastern Hemisphere; Eurasia; Philippines; Southeast Asia; Visayas; World; Costs; Data reduction; Personnel; Project management; Resource allocation; Sustainable development; coastal zone management; sustainability; tourism development; Central Visayas regional project (CVRP); Indicators; Integrated coastal management (ICM); Project design; Coastal zones cerebral concussion; injury; Taekwondo	Adult; Biomechanics; Brain Concussion; Female; Humans; Injury Severity Score; Male; Martial Arts; Risk Factors; Sex Distribution; Time Factors; United States; adult; article; athlete; brain concussion; data analysis; disease severity; female; human; incidence; major clinical study; male; sport injury 	demographic trend; immigration; population growth; rural landscape; rural population; socioeconomic conditions; spatial analysis 	Adolescent; Adult; Brain Concussion; Contusions; Epidemiologic Methods; Female; Head Injuries, Closed; Humans; Male; Neck Injuries; Sex Distribution; Soccer; clinical trial; concussion; conference paper; controlled clinical trial; controlled study; contusion; data analysis; female; football; head and neck injury; human; incidence; laceration; male; risk factor; sport injury; sports medicine; videorecording 	Adolescent; Adult; Aged; Child; Child, Preschool; Cluster Analysis; Craniocerebral Trauma; Emergency Service, Hospital; England; Health Planning Guidelines; Humans; Infant; International Classification of Diseases; Middle Aged; Patient Admission; Public Health Administration; Regional Health Planning; Regression Analysis; Retrospective Studies; Socioeconomic Factors; State Medicine; Transportation; article; biostatistics; cluster analysis; data analysis; disease severity; employment; government; head injury; health care planning; health economics; health service; hospital admission; human; incidence; lifestyle; multiple regression; patient transport; primary health care; socioeconomics; United Kingdom; adolescent; adult; aged; child; Craniocerebral Trauma; economics; emergency health service; health care planning; hospital admission; infant; International Classification of Diseases; middle aged; national health service; preschool child; procedures; public health service; regression analysis; retrospective study; statistics and numerical data; traffic and transport; utilization Beach users' perceptions; Carrying capacity; North Cyprus; Sustainable tourism planning	 demographic change; domestic tourism; Southeast Asia	 National park; Operational planning; Optimum activity mix; Sustainable management; Visitor origin	Conservation of Natural Resources; Environment; Environment Design; Forecasting; Humans; Policy Making; Population Density; Recreation; Turkey; Eastern Hemisphere; Eurasia; Turkey; World; Conservation; Correlation methods; Parks; Planning; Regression analysis; national park; nature conservation; outdoor recreation; article; correlation analysis; cost; data analysis; discriminant analysis; environmental management; environmental planning; environmental protection; environmental sustainability; factorial analysis; interview; national park; recreation; regression analysis; travel; Turkey (republic); welfare; Discriminant analysis; National parks; Operational planning; Sustainable management; Environmental protection 	Community Health Services; Counseling; Exercise; Health Policy; Health Promotion; Health Status; Humans; Randomized Controlled Trials; Travel; Walking; article; data analysis; data base; fitness; human; Internet; intervention study; physical activity; priority journal; risk factor; social aspect; systematic review; treatment response; validity; walking; wellbeing; clinical trial; community care; controlled clinical trial; counseling; exercise; health care policy; health promotion; health status; methodology; randomized controlled trial; review; travel Avian flu; Dynamic panel data model; International tourism	Environmental management; Integrated control; Population statistics; Risk assessment; Sustainable development; Destructive effects; H5n1 avian influenzas; Infectious disease; International tourisms; Pandemic influenza; Panel data analysis; Potential risks; Tourist destinations; Tourism 	Energy conversion; Personnel; Statistical methods; Sustainable development; Video conferencing; Water management; Financial Services; Information Engineering; Three phases; Waste streams; Waste management Atrial flutter; Electrophysiology; Lesion; Mapping; Reentry	animal experiment; animal model; article; congenital heart disease; controlled study; data analysis; disease association; dog; heart atrium flutter; heart right atrium; nonhuman; postoperative complication; priority journal; reentry arrhythmia 	Athletic Injuries; Football; Humans; Incidence; Injury Severity Score; Male; Population Surveillance; Prospective Studies; Risk Management; article; brain concussion; data analysis; fitness; human; incidence; major clinical study; medical record; prospective study; resource allocation; rugby; skill; sport injury; statistical significance Community-driven; Ecological management zones; Ecological restoration; New Zealand case studies; Sustainability; Tourism	Australasia; New Zealand; Mammalia; conservation planning; ecotourism; environmental protection; environmental restoration; local participation; nature conservation; protected area  
